what is up everyone and welcome to the
WAN show Happy New Year it's a new year
same me Whole New Year yep it's a whole
different number of in the date no new
no New Year resolutions wow not even
16k good joke good job lonus X can't
afford Mr Beast uh Mr Beast and Elon
Musk went back H I don't know if there
was much forth but they definitely
discussed the issue on TW X Twitter what
was the X was formerly X Twitter X
Twitter that's what hey that actually
works does anyone else call it X Twitter
No but I kind of like it cool um so
we'll be talking about that as well as
just sort of Creator monetization and
why it is such a challenge for platforms
like X Twitter to afford a Creator like
Mr Beast um the manufacturer sabotaged
polish trains with DRM so we'll be
talking a little bit about that what
else we got did I manage to pick your
two uh you got one of them yes I'm I'm
now looking for replacement and also
trying to find the one that oh yeah
International hackers hit uh water
supply infrastructure scary anytime
anyone hits infrastructure it's kind of
like oh everyone kind of realizes that
that can happen again for the however
many time yeah then we oh yeah that
thing yeah yeah that's that's why the
nuclear football uses like floppy discs
or whatever it does
that's it you got one what about what
about the drug dealers and the drones
it's like a year old article I guess
there's there's follow-up information
that's more new so yeah drug uh drug
dealers are using they're using drones
uh because they'll use anything uh the
last thing I saw was
avocados um cool I know they've put them
in submarines this week before CES is
historically a super super slow week for
news because cuz everyone is saving
everything for next week but everyone's
saving everything everyone's on vacation
we can talk through some leaks and stuff
it'll be fun it'll still be a good show
you guys don't even watch this for the
news what who
[Music]
cares
show is brought to you today by manscape
Squarespace and the ridge why don't we
jump into our first topic today which is
a pretty small topic All Things
Considered uh Mr Beast recently had a
random crypto Enthusiast respond to him
promoting a video on Twitter um that he
should hey you know Mr Beast Jimmy why
don't you upload the video directly to
the platform instead of just posting a
link to where people can go watch the
video which historically does not
perform very well compared to an organic
Tweet now obviously it's Mr Beast so his
video uh his post is just I uploaded go
watch or I'll drop KCK you and it has
66,000 likes yeah but for him that is
not a ton of Engagement that's that's
you know on the lower side so that's
been the case for a long time just you
know simple short self-promotional
tweets don't perform as well as when you
try and come up with something really
engaging and really unique that you know
serves the Twitter audience really well
um so it's it's a really valid question
why not just upload the content here and
people can just watch it um and Jimmy
responded saying okay hold on first Elon
Musk pitched in he goes yeah
yeah yeah 10,000 likes 10,000 likes and
so Jimmy responded with I think a a
really actually um succinct version of
what I'll kind of try and talk to you
guys about he basically goes my videos
cost Millions to make and even if they
got a billion views on X it wouldn't
fund a fraction of it um colon
slashface um I'm down to test stuff once
monetization is really cranking and this
is a really good point that I think a
lot of people don't necessarily
understand about platforms I've been
asked a thousand times
about at least multiple dozens of
alternate platforms lonus why don't you
upload your videos here I was about to
say 2x as a as a just a
variable that doesn't work okay uh lonus
why don't you upload your videos
TOA Daily Motion except we did yeah yeah
why don't you upload your videos to
Daily Motion why don't you upload them
to you know rumble or Odyssey or any of
the any of the countless alternate video
platforms
and the answer is always guys the
economics of it just don't make any
sense because it it can only be one of
two ways right you've either got the
ability to get a lot of views with a
very very low perview monetization rate
that's YouTube or you've got the ability
to get very few views with a very high
monetization rate so that's going to be
something more along the lines of like a
um uh what's that not master class but
the one where where it's like it pays
out based on how many views you get I
can't I can't remember but you know
something like like selling a course or
something like that that's just about
the highest possible CPM you can get
because each individual who buys the
course is going to pay 10 or 20 or $50
or $100 or whatever the case may be so
there's your spectrum and the problem is
that unless your name is Google and you
have happen to own YouTube at least this
is true in the Western World the
economics of anything that's not paying
like this getting less than hundreds of
thousands or millions of views just
doesn't make any sense um float plane
sits kind of somewhere in between where
people pay anywhere from the ogs pay $3
a month anywhere up to I think our
highest tier is $10 a month and even
then you know we have to put a ton of
work into making that platform appealing
to people we have to upload a bunch of
extra content so it ends up being kind
of a mix it ends up being our regular
content at a much higher monetization
rate but then it ends up being this
other much higher cost content at a I
shouldn't say higher cost it's lower
cost but it's not going to other
platforms that also contribute to it so
float plane has to bear that cost
completely on its own so we have this
other sort of exclusive or behind the
scenes or whatever else it is content
that sits on there that is paid for by
those subscribers so that kind of sits
somewhere in between so there's kind of
your spectrum and the reality of it is
that Twitter X Twitter's monetization is
just not even close I even if you're if
you're a person sitting in front of your
webcam I am not sure if even at you know
let's let's forget about Mr Beast
because there's only one person if we do
the math based on Mr Beast there's only
one person to whom that's relevant yeah
and his name is Jimmy um whereas if we
talk about it maybe more along the lines
of let's say someone who would have a
quarter million to a million subscribers
on YouTube okay so you're someone who's
getting realistically it's probably
somewhere between 10 15,000 views a
video to you know maybe 250,000 views a
video somewhere in that range even if
you could Port your entire YouTube
audience over to
Twitter you'd be looking at maybe tens
of dollars for that video which if it's
just you and a webcam may actually be
viable but if it's anything beyond
that you're you're probably paying
yourself less than minimum wage and you
might say okay well are you really
though because it's just purely
incremental right like why not just have
the little X cherry on top of all your
views on YouTube or whatever else but
you got to understand from a Creator's
point of view at least if you're a a
business-minded one there's an
opportunity cost for everyone who
watches on this platform where the
monetization is very low anywhere you're
uploading you're theoretically trying to
drive more people there so
like if it's worse why are you driving
people there especially when most of the
people looking for videos are probably
going to be on YouTube anyways when
you're looking for publicly freely
accessible videos so people often ask
themselves or or ask out loud even you
know why is it that YouTube has this
seeming Monopoly on VOD content and
there's a lot of answers for how it came
to be the way that it is right now but
as for why it is the way it is right now
you know why are why do twitch streamers
want to get a foothold on YouTube why do
Tik tokers want to make a transition
over to YouTube the answer is simple and
it's that people like to be paid for
their work and YouTube offers by far the
best compensation for their work and
that's not it's not just like oh it's
it's all about the money it's like think
about it this way if in the morning you
got dressed brush your teeth ate some
oatmeal and you had the option to go to
one of six different
places and one of them paid the most and
you did the exact same job and your job
wasn't you know to
manufacture um you know the train that
runs over people or you know the lever
that doesn't seem to work to prevent the
train from running over people or you
know whatever the case may be as long as
what you're doing is not you know
obviously morally abhorent yeah well
which one do you drive
to I I think it's a pretty obvious
answer you go to the one that
compensates you best and YouTube has
this For Better or For Worse
very powerful machine that ensures that
if you are able to get views on the
platform you are able to be
paid Luke's calling someone yeah don't
worry about it well this is very
interesting I know I would I would love
to know who we're going to be talking to
live on the show today are we planning
to tell them they're live on the show
we're not talking to anybody live on the
show we are not talking to anybody we
not talking to them okay wow this is
very
mysterious anyway anyway um we H we
actually do have monetization enabled on
X Twitter and I thought I would just
share with you guys uh we don't upload a
ton of video but we have uploaded some
videos that have gotten you know
thousands of views or whatever
typically uh man I'm trying to think I
actually don't know what a thousand
views is worth on YouTube it really it
varies a lot but the point is we have a
pretty active Twitter account fair
amount of Engagement and this should
give you some idea why people don't
really um why someone like Jimmy might
not bother so here's all of our all of
our payouts um for the last I guess you
know 3 months or whatever um anywhere
from you know 60 60 oh this I mean this
could be 65 anything oh $ 65.99 okay I
don't know it could have been there
could have been another there could have
been another digit in there or something
like that um
let's say for the sake of argument how
many typical views does Jimmy get on a
video 50 million to 100 million is that
a pretty fair range why don't we say 100
million sounds fair I don't really look
at them but that sounds about right so
let's say Jimmy is 100 times our size
let's say we get 1 million let's take
the let's take kind of a mid to Upper
range for him let's take a lower range
for us we typically get a million to two
million so let's say we get a million
views of video and let's say he gets 100
million views a video he's 100 times our
size he would make let's say for the
sake of argument did you say 50 to 100
yeah none of his get 50 oh okay so he's
way above that now y okay I haven't
looked in a while yeah usually it's like
like 80 to 200 is where I'm seeing most
of them okay so let's say 150 so let's
say okay let's say he's 150 times our
size so he would get around 10 grand
from Twitter assuming he had a similar
strategy to us you know trying to kind
of post every day and meme or you know
whatever
else that is I mean like that is not
even a a a rounding error um for him
like I just it it just it doesn't it
doesn't register he could he could
literally make an off-hand comment about
man I'm trying to think of something
totally totally trivial like like he
could he could do a special edition
popsicle stick with like Mr Beast on it
and that's it's nothing else it's a
popsicle stick it sounds like a a what
was it sounds like a supreme drop yeah
and then he could make a tweet about the
popsicle stick and it would Eclipse his
Twitter Revenue that he actually makes
organically from the platform like it's
just it's just not a factor for someone
like that um so that's that's that's why
I just don't think that as much as
people want to see it you're going to
see this Mass Exodus from YouTube
anytime soon
or ever such a ever such a big word but
I just don't see anyone else even really
trying like bite dance Tik Tok maybe had
an opportunity but they haven't managed
to figure out either the monetization of
the platform itself or they haven't
figured out how to share in a way that
is enticing to creators like you still
have people trying to migrate trying to
migrate their
audiences what do you want to talk about
next how about the AI key
oh yeah Windows
machines at Microsoft's behest are
getting a new key on the keyboard for
what is this the first time since the
Windows key was added in
1994 yeah it's tell us about it yeah you
must love this it's great AI key I think
it could make sense eventually okay
let's let's I don't think it makes a lot
of sense now basically it's a key that
opens up um whatever they call it
Windows co-pilot um which if you end up
using Windows co-pilot in a very similar
way that you would use Windows
search then I think it kind of makes
sense
mhm right now that's super obviously not
worth
doing so maybe it's a little premature I
was telling Dan before the show this
feels kind of like when Facebook renamed
to
meta it feels like they're investing an
immense amount of money not really
getting the product that they want and
then doing something that feels more
like a marketing push than anything else
to try to stir more news and more push
around it because they still want this
thing that they've sunk billions of
dollars into to be more relevant than it
is um the AI
space is moving fast and very exciting
but is hurting on actual products that
are usable by users um I I pointed this
out a really long time ago it was going
to be hard for people to actually ship
um and a lot of things that people have
wanted from the AI space have had issues
shipping um including co-pilot so yeah
it feels premature to me I think one day
I will probably actually like this but
something that they would need to do is
change Windows search back to actually
searching your computer instead of being
this like weird internet thing because
then if they had one button that was
like this is local and they had another
button that was like this is AI stuff
and it can search the yeah uh the
internet and it can give me links and it
can do whatever that would actually be
probably useful I think one thing that's
fairly telling is it's on the right side
of the keyboard isn't it yeah yeah the
area no one
uses uh here we actually have be some of
the least C pressed keys on we actually
have a a Bigfoot sighting style picture
yeah there's better ones yeah no no just
go on Tom's Hardware which is the source
of this this is intentionally terrible
so just go on Tom's hardare look at it
yourself you know we're not trying to
you're not trying to take their clicks
or whatever but I think it's this one
yeah it's I think it's to the left of
the Windows key yeah um I actually I
speaking of speaking of ridiculous
things that Microsoft has embedded in
their operating system to push their
other stuff like we we are getting super
we're getting super close to antitrust
Microsoft time again here I think um I
was not aware of this did you know that
there is a dedicated Windows shortcut
key or a dedicated Windows shortcut to
open up LinkedIn uh that's what I was
going to troll you with oh okay yeah
someone posted it in chat there's a lot
more than just that actually there's
like um yeah so check check this out
check this out guys we're going to Linus
laptop okay hold on hold on no no wait
we can look at Control Alt shift win
L opens LinkedIn opens linked but
there's also key combinations for word
excel PowerPoint Outlook teams one drive
one note and teams you don't need a you
don't need a shortcut for teams you need
a shortcut to make teams go away you man
if I don't know if there's anything that
makes me more Angry what about when it
forcibly logs you out and then you can't
even minimize it because it keeps
forcing its thing up yeah yeah that so
you're like working on something
important and it logs you out randomly
in the background and you have to go
through its entire login process or or
else it'll Force itself to the front of
screen it is um amazing remarkable how
bad that design is I also just don't
really understand why it logs me out
we've we've looked into it you can't
configure it to not do that
mhm it'll log me out while I'm literally
in the middle of using
it I I was on a teams call today hung up
and then it logged me out I find I find
the approach that some Services take to
security very confusing like if you're
going to make the argument that I should
be signed out every month
because something then fine okay well do
it on my phone and on my laptop and on
my desktop but then you have something
like uh Gmail for example which logs you
out I'm trying to
think man it says every month but I
swear my work computer is way more often
than that there's no way that that only
comes up 12 times a year but on your
phone never logs you out and you could
kind of go okay well yeah but you've got
you know biometric authentication on
your phone or whatever but I'm sitting
here going well yeah but I have
biometric authentication on my computer
which one's more likely to get stolen
just check yeah which one's more likely
to get left in a coffee shop at least
have some consistency to this and
there's no consistency between the
various Tech Giants I
mean okay WhatsApp a great example for
years Facebook would allow you to leave
WhatsApp signed in perpetually on your
phone but wouldn't allow you to have it
signed in or Cloud synchronized with any
other phone now they do that and just
you know I don't know why'd you change
that I don't know not sure uh but on the
computer would log you out like all the
time like I think it would stay logged
at 7 14 days or something like that and
then meanwhile you've got something like
teams that logs you out on your phone
all the time instead of just being like
Oh yeah no no the phone is the single
source of truth that you know you can
use to authenticate your other devices
and then you know Google's really funny
because they'll sign you I'm trying to
think of what no they don't sign you out
of anything on your phone but they are
constantly signing you out on your
computer and then I'm trying to think if
there's anyone that doesn't that never
signs you out on your
computer um can't think can't think of
anything right now Ste yeah okay yeah
there's one and it's like gaming stuff
no I can't think of any productivity
like work productivity Style apps that
don't log you out high value accounts
though steam like the value of my Steam
account compared to like my stupid
throwaway Hotmail account or something
which by the way no Hotmail you can tell
to never sign you out oh your cuz your
windows account is uh is tied to your
computer right or your your uh your
Windows Live so it's like it's it's
flipping arbitrary so on my computer if
it's my Microsoft account that I use to
log in for authentication I can stay
signed in perpetually but on my phone
where it's where it's managed by my
organization and if there was ever a
problem we can just recover it no
problem you have to sign me out every 30
days like it the whole thing is
completely arbitrary nobody
agrees yeah you want to hear an
interesting one yeah recommended by
password
managers people are starting to store
their TFA in their password managers and
there are security Arguments for this no
from that's not what to do password
managers and security researchers what
yeah okay you're going to have to okay
back back me up so people on people are
storing their tofa backup codes yeah in
their password manager yeah but now
we're back to just one password again
and that was a pun yeah it's not a pun
but it's a it's funny password actually
does recommend this
no like surprising amount of other
people do this too it's interesting to
me the one of the big Arguments for it
is there's just no point in not because
if they have this they have
that and I was like hm it's a kind of
interesting argument because like if if
someone gets into your password manager
do they really not also have your
tofa uh they might just have the one 2fa
I mean one of the ways that people
commonly get past tfas is by spamming
login attempts and then like calling you
in the middle of the night and you know
trying to get it or whatever else like
well you're groggy and stuff like they
could social engineer one 2fa away from
you without having access to your TFA
account so no actually what they're
saying is if they if they had the if
they had access to your password Vault
yeah they may as well just have access
to your tofa but they don't because I
don't store that password in my password
Vault your password for your tofa yeah I
have it memorized yeah see this is why I
don't like it but this is like actually
an argument that's being made by like
smart people which I find very
interesting uh s toofa in let's see now
I'm
sad they even tell you when they give
you the backup codes they're like write
this down print it out that's what
you're supposed to do backup codes are
not those are different things oh okay I
thought you were saying the people were
putting the backup codes in some people
do that too but that's that's not I
don't think that in particular is
recommended just the tofa so you can you
can have like rolling tofa but then the
password for it is in your password
manager that's so stupid like you can
literally have it to the point where
when you when you go like oh fill my
login info for this site it'll fill the
login and password and then when the TFA
comes up it'll just automatically Thea
and you're ful no I I hate the tum of
tofa as much as probably anyone I kind
of one of the reasons why I'm bringing
this up is I want people to like yell at
me about why it's fine because I don't
really get it CU it doesn't seem fine to
me no it's not fine yeah I strongly
disagree yeah no no pull we really have
to pull this you guys I I well yeah fine
I'll do I'll do a poll uh safe to store
2 FAA password in your password manager
so is that is that what we're
asking uh sure
yeah okay
I ah guys I don't know man okay let's
let's bring up the results results time
yeah no there's like 10% oh oh oh it's
swinging it's swinging the people who
were very angry about this we're super
quick to click
no oh shoot it's uh it's covered a
little bit broken there you go got that
fixed for you so it looks like good by
the time the dust settles anywhere
between a quarter of you probably about
a quarter of you think that it's totally
fine to store your 2fas in there it's
definitely more
convenient it's definitely more
convenient yeah and I mean if you gave
me the option you know 10 years ago when
we were just getting into the idea of
biometric security if you gave me the
option to have a setup like this where I
have to memorize one password that I
just enter all the time or if I have to
start like entering my fingerprints and
you know retinal scans and Iris scans
and facial scans into every electronic
device in my life I I would I would
probably have taken this path even with
all the
compromises here check this out like
this is this is where like man I find
this so interesting
here's an article on blog. onep
password.com and there are other I'm
just using them as an example there are
other password Vault password storage
password security sites that say the
exact same thing I'm just using one
password as an example because this is
the first one that I found you've
probably heard of read the advice turn
on two-factor authentication everywhere
it's offered after all it's a great way
to add an extra layer of protection to
your online accounts but should that
include your one password account the
short answer answer is no wait that's a
completely different thing this is this
is a different thing wait what they're
saying not to turn on two-or
authentication also password manager we
need to unpack what tofa does and how
your data is protected by one password
security
model this isn't the article that I
meant to bring up but it's like there's
still there's so many hot takes in the
one password hold on blog hold on what
no sorry I I I can can I how is it
secure by Design you're you're you're
scrolling where do you want me to stop I
don't know you keep just well I know
what two Factor authentication is so we
can go past that how is it secure by
Design okay you choose this password we
don't know it and it's never stored on
our
servers your secret key is the long yeah
but that's not what the are they
high that's not how
lit what the here we go here we go
here we go that is terrible advice here
we
go manages to obtain encrypted copy of
your data from our servers that's not
that's not that's such a that's such an
outlier scenario that's not scenario one
that's scenario 7even a criminal guesses
your account this we're not talking
about guessing from a new device without
your secret key that's only stored on
your devices so you don't have to type
it every time you unlock one password
and your printable emergency wait isn't
that just a second Factor then well what
they're saying is like I I I think what
they're saying is if you sign in a new
location you have to authenticate that
new location I think that's what they're
saying you wouldn't be able to sign into
your account from a new device without
your secret key that piece of
information okay so then hold on one
password is just saying they already
have
tofa I guess this this isn't the page I
bring up I'm going to go find it okay
all right so that's that's fine then
because they already have a second
authentication factor I mean okay I have
uh I have a remote access um service
that I use that I do not have you know
2fa like I don't I don't have it in
Google Authenticator right right um
because every time I sign on from a new
location I have to validate via some
other means so I don't need that kind
that's just really misleading because
also recommending against adding
additional factors is interesting to me
yeah I do see their point that two
factors is probably enough factors that
you're going to get a notification that
somebody's trying to sign in and you're
going to get a chance to deal with it um
however wish I find this article I
disagree that all factors are made equal
I don't think that that should be their
default Factor even um like their
default second Factor something that is
static like a it's it's almost like a
like a physical key a physical key can
be copied whereas a key that changes
every time you use the lock cannot be
copied and that's how something like
Google Authenticator
works I wish I could find it I know they
have an article on this I found someone
talking about the article but I can't
find the actual root article all someone
would have to do is have your computer
compromised with a key logger at a time
when you are re-authenticating and they
could force you to reauthenticate if
they had some kind of access to your
machine that allowed them to reroute you
through a VPN or something because then
it would appear as though you were
logging in from another location so I
know I'm asking for a lot of stars to
align but that's not that far-fetched
for someone to have some kind of for
someone to have if they have some kind
of malware on your machine I don't think
it's that far-fetched that they could
route you through some kind of um remote
location and that they could have a key
logger installed I don't I don't think
that's
like science fiction um this so this
this reads different than the last time
I saw it I don't know if it's been
edited or maybe I'm remembering an
article from someone else and just found
this one first so my memory might be
skewed but here's the article it was
linked in in FPL chat by a few different
people um but yeah one password and tofa
is it wrong to store passwords and
onetime codes together and to be clear
again one password is not the only
company that supports this they like all
do I think I'm pretty sure last pass
does I know keeper does and clearly one
password does and I think the other ones
do as well um and yeah they argue that
it's like secure and fine but they also
say
you
know the correct choice is the one that
works best for you you apparently okay
so this is apparently the um the the one
password um key is only entered when you
first set it
up yeah okay okay well then that's not
too bad because they'd have to have the
key logger at the time you first set it
up yeah they might though yeah and you
might you could potentially tricky user
into entering
that
um man it's not as bad as I thought it
was not even close
but I'm I'm not a huge fan and I also
don't really like the advice of of not
having okay I should I should clarify
when I say I don't like the advice of
not adding multiple factors I don't mean
adding multiple alternate factors I was
dismayed when I realized that the way
that Google accounts handle a um a
physical device like a UB
key if you don't have your UB key and
you set up like when I when I initially
set it up I was like it was at a time
when I think we had just had an account
compromised or something like that and I
was going like I want three factors I
want my password I want my UB key and I
want my authenticator app some sites
worked this way for a very brief period
of time and now I don't know of any that
work and what I didn't realize at the
time was I was adding
or factors some of them were and not and
factors some were and Google wasn't yeah
I don't know of anything that is now
like I just said but but for a little
brief period of time when we when we
first got our UB Keys some sites were
anded and that was actually very cool uh
cuz if you wanted like hypers security
it felt like you had the you know the
two nuclear keys or whatever
um but yeah now it's just like various
ways to bypass the thing um I don't know
there's also I've found a lot of places
that accept UB Keys
require two different ones yeah which is
like so it's like yes I can use my high
security UB key and I also have to have
SMS authentication enabled it's like
cool the very worst kind sick yeah I
don't know um yub key has
gotten I find with a lot of things that
we use it's gotten a little bit less
useful over the years um because more
and more places that that do support it
require you to have two enabled and less
and less places seem to support it m4z
says if a key logger is on your system
you're already compromised that's sort
of true because in many cases you are
well the expectation one of the reasons
that you should use autofill with a
password manager is that it makes it so
you don't have to type your passwords so
if someone has a key
logger even if they have man even if
they've they've got you good and they
have you know remote access to your
screen um unless they can also access
your
clipboard um yeah man even if they can
access your clipboard the autofill
service I don't believe copies the plain
text of your password to the clipboard
so as long as you're not contrl c contrl
v pasting your
passwords
I I'm sure there's a way but it would be
very difficult ult to get passwords even
if you had even if they had your
clipboard and even if they had a key
logger and even if they could see your
screen because almost every password
field that I've seen in the last 10
years just uses asterisks or dots or
whatever else instead of actually
pasting the text in
there one password apparently clears the
clipboard after a time delay uh as far
as I know it just edits the HTML doesn't
copy your password yeah
yeah all
right quino says be careful seemingly
giving security advice uh I think what
we're saying is
fine yeah what we're saying that having
more factors is good and if they're
strong factors then that's better yeah
what what I'm questioning is some people
talking about how you
can my whole thing is I'm just very
unsure about the idea of of storing all
of your two factor in one application
the main argument I'm seeing around it
is in general if someone is going to
have access to this thing they probably
have access to your whole device um and
that device is usually described as a
phone
um remote desktop plus autofill plus
developer tools equals compromis with O2
FAA yeah there's lots of different yeah
there's tons of different attack vectors
yeah um I just question the idea
of reducing the layers because it feels
like reducing the layers and I
understand some of the arguments like
okay if they're literally in your
phone then they already have it
anyways it's like
well I don't know I don't know about
that cuz like the things that I hear
getting compromised more often these
days are computers and I never have my
two-factor authentication stuff on my
computer I know some people do but I
don't
like I never run offie some people run
aie in their browser really yeah oh I
don't do that okay yeah me neither yeah
that just I
mean man I trying to think is this is
this like a is this like a subconscious
bias or does this have a basis in
reality I just kind of think I've always
wanted the separation I think of Windows
computers as just like kind of probably
compromised yeah am I just buying into
the Apple m
Ming I don't know well I do too so I
don't know like I I don't want to be in
a position where my computer is the sole
portal to any account but I in some
cases you can't really avoid
it but I don't I don't like it and I I
do try to avoid it
um CH we
says uh you should disable AutoFill in
your password manager settings because
they can autofill malicious password
boxes manually paste it every time
instead I do that to be clear this is
one of those things I disable autofill
because I find keepers at least is so
bad I just find it doesn't work very
well that it it it it'll also just like
aggressively take over certain things or
it'll decide that the wrong box is the
right one and it it won't let me
progress on the website cuz it keeps
trying to spam into the wrong box which
is really bad oh yeah okay that's a
that's a that's a that's a very
interesting attack Vector
um man security is just such a such a
myth
man either way having a second Factor
definitely not a bad thing putting it
all in one place I'm just not sure if I
can agree with that I think that's
really the bottom line for
me
um
SMS needs to completely not be a thing
for for TFA uh do we want to move on to
what are we supposed to do oh we're
supposed to do oh oh my goodness yeah
people people have I think found the uh
the new item on the
store yeah yeah people found it before
the show is even
live that's right my
friends lwigs Beday the swipe and swipe
plus are now available on LTT
store.com new year new clean in both
elongated and round forms okay so the
swipe plus it's not inexpensive but uh
without giving you guys too much
information let me just say it's uh you
know gets pretty warm you know the water
the water gets pretty warm which is good
um it doesn't have RGB but it does have
some colors uh some of the colors were
were we were we were told our best to
avoid but we we definitely do have some
uh some some nice different you know
gamer colors that you can you can set
your swipe plus to uh we also have the
regular swipe U let's see if I can find
that there it is much much more
economical this one is not heated and
doesn't have you know the fan and the
carbon you know odor filter and all
those kinds of wild features and
everything it's just a just a simple
bedet why does lwig have a b day as far
as I can tell it really is as simple as
he thinks that people's butts should be
cleaner I I actually I I can't
I I I really have you know checked his
I've talked to him about it I've checked
his just external Communications about
it um I've I I I've I've tried to to
kind of analiz what his motivation could
possibly be for creating a product like
this and why do you make a screwdriver
because I just I think there should be a
better screwdriver and I think towels be
a better backpack why do you make a kids
book I why' you make kids toys because
they I think they're good why why are
you making cable organizers because
cable extension because the screwdriver
needs to be longer sounds like the bed's
valid yeah um so anyway I um yeah I
checked his butthole it's super
clean just I was just trying to get it
he's all focused on something else right
now so now the the knowledge of Ludwig's
clean butthole is definitely something I
needed to so now you can get the swipe
and the swipe Plus on LTT store.com uh
this is I think the second non lmg
Creator merch item that we've brought
onto the store the man Jerry rig knife
the Jerry rig everything knife has been
a Smash Hit for us and maybe this will
be a um Splash
[Laughter]
it got him let's go yeah so uh someone
asking uh Brandon p lmg is asking wait
can I merch request a
bedet I guess yeah I mean you there you
go the the reality of it is that your
your annual budget for stuff from LT
store is your annual budget and the
stuff that we buy from lewig versus is
the stuff that we buy from A
supplier like they the it's not like the
the lmg stuff is free there is yeah
there is cost yeah so the cost is the
cost is the cost and your budget is your
budget is your budget so I don't see why
not
yeah um anyway yeah I great I've been
using one for I've had a swipe Plus in
my upstairs bathroom for six months or
something like that it's
I I would have considered one of these
but I bought in too early before he
started doing that cuz when there was
the toilet paper shortages during the
pandemic I was just like screw this man
yeah and got up a day yeah
it I wasn't open to it until I traveled
to Japan yeah I was always like Oh weird
toilets toilet paper makes so much sense
toilet paper makes no sense toilet paper
seems very very archaic and out of date
at this point
it really it really feels like like sure
to you know to dry off or whatever but
like what sorry I'm taking this like
whole wad of
um Casey herp J1 on the float plane on
Flo plane chat says not open to bedday
very
clinched okay I go ahead stay clenched
but uh anyway the point is U what am I
talking
yeah like why why am I like you know
getting my hand all up in there and like
this like this wimpy paper and the
manufacturing it you are literally
manufacturing garbage when you make
toilet paper why why are we doing this
and like okay a little bit is is fine
you know so your you know your butt's
not all wet when you pull your underwear
up or whatever but
like it it just seems spectacularly
wasteful and an an affordable bed like
the swipe at 50 bucks will pay for
itself it will pay for itself yeah the
the the the $50 one probably rather
quickly actually
yeah so I I yeah as soon as I as soon as
I tried it in Japan um like man the
toilets they have over there it's like
it's like they're amazing yeah it's like
landing on an alien planet and they just
have figured out waste disposal in ways
that humans could never have imagined
like I I've told this story on Lano
before but I we pulled over at a rest
stop on a
highway and the bathroom was so much
nicer than anything I've seen in like
you know a fourstar hotel in you know
North America like in a hotel lobby or
like a you know an upclass restaurant
you know I'm talking public washrooms
obviously right uh it was just
everything was clean the lighting was so
bright and the toilet seat was heated
and this is like like in a shack at the
side of the road essentially I don't
even think there was a convenience store
like I I couldn't believe it Dan check
teams yeah it's
um yeah I don't know I think for them
too it's like it's it's got to be one of
those things where I believe a lot of
them are made there um and it's so
ubiquitous there that the pricing is
probably not as bad like when I tried to
get a bedet here it was kind of rough
but the pricing also just makes sense
because you just do it once yeah and
then it's just you just don't buy toilet
paper yeah awesome yeah and over the
span of your entire lifetime that you
are alive even a swipe plus will pay for
itself yeah cuz like with my
understanding um they don't really break
that often either well they're pretty
simple devices especially the the basic
one is like a valve and a dial you still
paying for water yeah we live somewhere
where water is very cheap but I believe
basically everywhere that would still be
a cheaper alternative than buying toilet
paper yeah I think I I I I find it hard
to believe that a little bit of water uh
would cost more than the paper that you
would use for that cuz it's not it's not
like that much
water now obviously this I'm sure
there's like an example of somewhere
where that's not the case but I think
most places that will be the case
Okay uh so anyway um why don't we do a
couple merch messages oh right merch
messages how do they work so instead of
you know twitch bits or super chats or
whatever else we have merch messages
that way whether we do or don't get to
your message hey you get your
highquality merchandise from LTT
store.com in the mail uh sometime after
the show so all you got to do is add the
items that you're interested in to your
cart and then in the cart you'll see a
little box that'll have a place for you
to fill in a merch message that'll go to
producer Dan there he is now he's gone
and he will reply to you or flag it for
me and Luke to respond to or send it to
someone else internally who can answer
you or just pop it up on there if you
have like a hi Mom shout out and your
mom watches W show which is unusual but
not unheard of Luke's mom watches W show
yeah
hiom exactly uh why don't you show us a
couple to kind of show us how it's done
Dan yeah sure thing first up here what
is the weirdest or most obscure reason
you've had to delay or cancel a product
or project sorry oh man most of the
reasons for us cancelling projects
usually come down
to just them being fundamentally broken
like not not working at all um I mean
man I'm trying to think of something
that we cancelled recently we we didn't
cancel but we delayed a desk fan that is
made out of E-Waste hard drives
recently um and the reason for it was
that the idea was that we would use the
motor from the hard drive ah and we're
probably still going to do it at some
point but the issue was that if we just
ran those motors with no particular
protection so the so the first proof of
concept I basically told the engineer
who showed it to me or the the person in
the engineering department I don't know
if strictly speaking they were an
engineer it's a protected term in Canada
long story uh I told the the the the
Creator Warehouse engineering department
person who worked on it uh to
immediately un plug it uh put a label on
it that it was unsafe and that no one
should turn it on under any
circumstances and uh basically said okay
so this is a much more complicated
project um let's see if we can figure
out a way to make it make sense it ended
up sort of getting a pin put in it but
basically what they did was they took
the
motor set it up with a little 3D printed
thing put a drone propeller blade on it
and I don't know if you guys are that
familiar with um hard drive Motors but
inside a hard drive they spin at
anywhere from real fast 5400 RPM to 7200
RPM I don't know if you're familiar with
drone propellers but they can be pretty
scary um and that thing sitting on the
desk I'll tell you this it moved
air not too surprised about that it it
moved some air I was uh I was feeling
cooled I wonder how fast it was actually
spinning I'm not sure we could have
there's going to be there's got to be a
lot more resistance than it normally has
I actually asked him to find out you can
put a piece of tape on one of the blades
and then you can just hold like a thing
up to it and it'll it'll count how many
per second uh I I don't know if anyone
ever got back to me on that but suffice
to say it was terrifying and um I was
like okay well we have a lot of work to
do on you know controllers for this and
building a safe propeller design
and uh W this is obviously a much bigger
project just put a cage around it like
most desktop fans we could but we'd have
to design that cage and we'd have to
because the idea was we weren't really
sure what that product was at the time
is this something that we make and it's
like bespoke and it's numbered and we do
100 of them and it's done is it
something that we make on an ongoing
basis but it's like kind of a boutique
sort of handcrafted product is this
something that we provide as a kit and
we just kind of send out to you the you
know the cage and propeller and the and
the arm maybe we get it injection molded
so it's not just like you know 3D
printed and uh and we basically validate
different models of hard drives and you
build it yourself like there's there was
a lot of different ideas for how we
could bring it to Market and right now I
think we
just won't do anything for now yeah uh
what else you got with for me Dan happy
New Year in an alternative reality what
would LT look like as a cable TV show in
the
1990s I didn't watch watch like G4 tech
TV or like Steve Do's show or I didn't
have access to any of them personally
yeah I don't think I I H I'm trying to
think in the 90s did I don't think I I
don't think my family had a cable
subscription so I didn't really
um I didn't really get access to any of
that
but I would imagine we'd have kind of
like a fun sort of colorful side kick
sort of character like like a like a
producer Dan type of type of person
um I would imagine that we'd probably
have a lot of guests on like that was
kind of how everyone did things back
then was you you kind of had guests on
to kind of show their their wears um
everything was so
expensive like on the production side
like it would it would have to be in a
studio there's no way that you could
just shoot stuff at home with any kind
of decent quality in the '90s most of
them as far as my understanding goes
were just in like Standard TV studios
they would just have one of the sets so
that they could read use those crazy
expensive cameras that they would use
for basically everything news all the
different various shows they would all
be in one Studio I'd imagine everything
would be a lot more tutori like even
back at the beginning of NC Tech tips
almost every video started with okay
what's a tutorial we can do and what
products do we need to feature in order
to get this point across and back then
especially there would be a lot of
things to give tutorials on computers
were hard very few things that you could
just sort of take for granted that
everyone knows about and you're just
sort of evaluating performance or
whatever else like if I if you did a GPU
review in 1996 you would have to explain
what a GPU is you wouldn't just take for
granted that people know what FPS means
I think that's what some of them kind of
were yeah but it was like what's a sound
card and why could you possibly want one
and like how would you go about
installing one and picking one stuff
like that some of them I found I didn't
have access to any of them um but some
of them that I found on like YouTube
many many years later are actually like
kind of
cool I I can think of one in particular
that had this like kind of weird
thin
desk and the the host would sit on like
the close side and the there was usually
a guest would sit on the far side and
the computer would kind of be in the
middle and then it would be like this
presentation piece I don't remember the
name of the show um sounds fascinating
it was good though good job I I
described it CU I'm hoping someone will
recognize it and post
it okay FL PL chat's super
useful love you Flo plan
chat um all right it's time for us to
pick another topic Luke you want to pick
one hold on yeah they got
it of course they did okay are we going
to your screen I'm not there yet but
yeah uh we will be hilarious computer
Chronicles this old This Old House Is
Awesome D Bradley said
71 I've tried to i' I've had to use them
when I was like working on a couple of a
couple things I don't know them or
anything but uh great videos sorry I'm
slowly going through YouTube ads here we
go all
right what am I look oh computer
Chronicles oh wait no that's the YouTube
channel uh yeah but it's just re-uploads
from like this old so this was the main
host here we go and they would show like
I guess this is probably like
wow informational transaction
Appliance they would show like this is
how you use the thing how many buttons
does it
have oh a lot okay
yeah
Starfire Pippen no way no way pien
nice I never figured out what happened
to ours I wish we still had it yeah
I either someone stole it or was
misplaced but where would it have been
misplaced I feel like if it was
misplaced it would have come up by now
it's Poss well remember misplaced could
mean accidentally thrown in the garbage
like that server that one time like
stuff happened um anyway wild for people
that are wondering that's really good
screen cap for back then lonus and I did
a did a video on an Apple Pippen which
is what's here right now I'm very
surprised we randomly landed on an
episode that has the Pippen in it um
Apple's game console yeah and and then
it just like disappeared I don't have it
I checked at home cuz you mentioned
misplaced and I was like did I just take
it it's not there found other stuff it's
the kind of thing that Luke would like
borrow yeah and be like I'm going to
check out this on my own time and then
just kind of forget about it never
return with or come back with like nine
years later like those gpus that He took
for his
dad brings back ewaste and it's like hey
I'm done with these yeah
do you want them like I guess you did
want them yeah I mean you never honestly
if we ever needed to do a video on some
old stupid GPU then it's better to just
have them sitting in the warehouse than
have to go eBay dumpster diving for one
but yeah no I I have no idea what
happened to it which is really
frustrating cuz I don't want to buy
another one I'm sure they haven't gone
down in value and ours was immaculate it
was brand new in box when we got it good
shape left it in perfect condition like
we fired it up once just ited ESS yeah
and it's a really cool piece like it's
it's yeah I don't know yeah this this
show is like actually pretty cool I
would have absolutely loved to watch
this if I knew it even like existed and
also had access to it back then but um
it's kind of a cool because there are
such good versions uploaded to this
YouTube channel um it's kind of a cool
Time Capsule to go look back at
something we talked this on W show not
that long ago but the whole like the
internet never forgets uh unless it does
thing is is pretty real and there's a
lot of stuff from like the 9s and early
2000s internet eras that are just sort
of gone now um so it's nice to be able
to have something like this where it is
actually being decently
preserved do don't forget about Do's dat
Cafe I think you've met this guy yeah
well I know Steve doto right yeah yeah I
I know Steve dto but this was a Canadian
uh I've never seen this sort of similar
idea uh this guy's great he's got a ton
of Personality yeah um super fun guy
super nice I've uh yeah very nice I I
think I've only met him once but really
nice we brought him on wano once
actually I I've been meaning to like
collab again anyway this is on net
Netscape Navigator I I would I would I
could totally I could totally see myself
doing you know like what Steve D did
this is awesome and again like
surprisingly solid screen capture yeah
he was telling me that um that was one
of the big things that they innovated
was
um using old cameras to capture from
like to shoot a CRT screen without the
scan lines that were that were pretty
typical on other shows at the time he
was saying that was something they
figured out really really early
on but yeah yeah good good old Steve
dto uh
anyway yeah a lot of old shows like I
think you've talked about this too like
made in Canada uh is like impossible to
find no you can get it now CBC gem whole
thing oh that's cool yeah and I
uh made my own copy just in case it ever
disappears
again that's good that's good actually
that's good genuinely uh but I like that
um whoever's behind the computer
Chronicles was proactive about getting
it up themselves I believe this channel
is official um and it seems to have like
basically everything which is just
awesome it's really cool it's it's such
a it's such a valuable resource that no
one's going to watch and then an AI is
going to scrape it and then we'll have
access to it with no compensation for
the original
Creator hey did you see that um oh shoot
is it the times hold on who's uh who's
suing Microsoft for billions oh my
I think it's the New York Times yeah New
York Times has filed a federal lawsuit
against open a in Microsoft seeking to
end the practice of using its stories to
train chat Bots saying that copyright
infringement at the paper alone could be
worth billions okay I don't know about
billions but it definitely could be
worth something and what makes this even
spicier is that um from my understanding
Microsoft has released a statement
saying okay so first the New York Times
said that uh part of why they're so
upset this is that they have been in
negotiations with Microsoft and open AI
to use it legit legitimately and
Microsoft basically came out and was
like uh okay yeah we kind of thought we
were still talking about this this
lawsuit is still super disappoint this
lawsuit is super disappointing
um what I suspect is that they were just
so far away on the number that the New
York Times has basically just gone yeah
forget it um and so they know from
negotiating with Microsoft and this
might have been part of their play in
fact that actually wouldn't surprise me
that much they know from negotiating
with Microsoft that New York Times data
has been given a very high level of
credibility in training and remember
guys there's a lot of different aspects
of training I'm not you might think the
New York Times is a rag or whatever I
don't feel like talking about that
that's that's not the point the point is
that there's a lot of
elements that you might be training a
large language model on and not all of
them are necessarily the accuracy of the
article I don't care I'm not going to
talk to you about that uh what we could
talk about though is things like
punctuation and grammar so the the the
chatbot having any kind of sense of what
a sentence is supposed to look like yeah
I would probably take the New York Times
over your Twitter post
um I know I I know I know I know fake
training thanks twitch chat real helpful
appreciate
[Laughter]
you oh boy anyway sorry I don't think
this is in the dock but I just was
reminded of this by something else that
I was looking at here
um is this maybe doesn't sync AI but I
know we've talked about you know the
aresto momentum of of AI that's been
going on a little bit lately and I mean
this seems pretty if they win this
pretty much
anyone whose data was used to train
these these large language models is
going to have to go back and prove they
didn't use them or they are man every
everyone in their dog has been busted at
this point multiple times yeah um I
don't think it's going to stop anything
CU there are people developing this
stuff that don't care and enough of it
is open source that people are just
going to be able to scrape on lower
levels than corporate and you won't be
able to go after them properly and you
won't know they're doing it and it's not
going to matter cat's kind of out of the
bag when this stuff got heavily open
sourced with like llama and all these
other things like
it's done man it's oh I don't mean
there's anything that they can do to un
Pandora this box oh got it I just mean
the big companies oh yeah some of them
might get hit real hard yeah are they
are they done I think I think what what
is it called um when there's like a
landmark case I think it's called a
landmark case no but precedent there we
go yeah I think this this is going to
set precedent pretty hard what is it
called when there's an
avalanche the uh destruction um yeah no
precedent I think is going to be set by
this pretty hard because these are two
very major very recognizable in their
space companies if you talk about news
in North America you probably know New
York Times if you talk about software
stuff especially operating systems you
probably know Microsoft like it's yeah
yeah New York Times versus
Microsoft pretty big
deal we were yeah we were talking about
this on the pre-show I I ended up down a
rabbit hole on like why boxers stood
like this and it turns out there's a lot
of very compelling reasons for as far as
understanding goes it mostly boils down
to Bare knuckle boxing versus not well
it was it was but there's other things
going on yeah mostly bare knuckle boxing
but then uh one video I watched in
particular I wish I could remember who
did it but uh got a little bit more
into why this pose is better for Bare
knuckle boxing it keeps them at a
distance more it protects it was a lot
more body shot
because you were not punching people in
the head uh you'd still go for the soft
cheeks you'd still go for the jaw
hitting someone in the forehead can
actually be really it can hurt your own
hand a lot yeah um you're also not doing
like the big Power punches as much so
your rear hand is usually back to
protect your your body and you're
focusing more on Jabs with that front
hand like it's actually a very different
style of fighting so but you so you get
the old like yeah see we're going fight
the bear Knuckles yeah very good
um do we want to talk about manufactured
DRM sabotaging polish trains this was
like last week or couple weeks ago but
it's terrible a decent amount of the
news in the in the show this week is
somewhat old but you probably weren't
paying that much attention in the news
anyways CU you were busy with holiday
stuff so why did you tell them it's fine
it's fine you didn't have to tell them
nobody has to know po train manufacturer
newg here's some news Beday are popular
the wag new a not popular as
screwdrivers though still screwdrivers
very popular hey you need both right do
you do you need a screwdriver to install
the b day I don't remember definitely a
wrench yeah but that's not a screwdriver
so not yeah sounds like we need a wrench
I mean I wanted to do a fail
wrench what would that have been uh it
was going to be a wrench made of melted
down failed screwdriver shaft from that
supplier who shafted
us
got him uh Pol train manufacturer newag
that's what I'm going to call it is
under investigation by Regulators
following allegations that had installed
DRM like software on its trains that
caused them to fail uh to fail to
restart after certain set triggers in
order to drive more service work to
itself one competitor SPS I mean it
sounds pretty smart to
me you just get to do more you get more
service Revenue yeah which is probably
good money
because they're going to really want
those trains back on the rails uh one
competitor SPS was hit with fines
equivalent to 462,000
euros dang because newag trains for the
lower cesan Railway it serviced would
fail to restart afterwards um I'm I'm
assuming after servicing uh the rail
operator then sent the trains to newag
who easily fixed them for an additional
fee suspiciously trains that hadn't been
recently serviced but had that unused in
storage for significant periods of time
started failing in a very similar manner
in response SPS oh man brilliantly in my
opinion whoever had the the the thought
of doing this very good move SPS hired a
Polish hacking Collective called Dragon
sector sick Name by the way way to go on
that one uh to investigate according to
Dragon sector the trains were
intentionally programmed to stop working
under certain condition
such as certain components being
replaced without a manufacturer approved
serial number these included an idle
timer that would stop the train from
starting if it sat for over 10 days
possibly under the assumption that it
was undergoing servicing um after train
started failing after only being uh
after only being stored a new trigger
was programmed uh in that added Geo
fencing around competitors workshops so
that the trains would instead lock up
after being brought to those facilities
newag is denying these allegations and
claims that these issues were caused by
Third parties interfering with the train
security features I love how often the
security card gets played anytime a
company gets caught doing something
sometimes it is legitimate this time no
I said when they get caught doing
something scummy yes yeah it's amazing
how cuz most people either don't
understand security very well or
especially don't care their eyes just
glaze over the second you start talking
about any kind of digital security or
anything like that and they're like uhuh
uhhuh uhuh uhuh is he is he badgering me
to install a password manager again I I
like my 1 12 34 love password you know
or whatever the case may be um so if
there's any way to get people bored of a
conversation it's to say oh it's it's in
the name of user security and then just
start saying a bunch of stuff and people
will just kind of gradually drop out of
interest and you know get a go about
their day the the private key needs to
go in the and then like 98% of people
just
disconnect anyway basically that's bad
and it should be obvious why that's bad
and uh this is a great illustration of
why companies like apple should not be
allowed to do similar things and a
example of what Apple if left to their
own devices might have eventually come
up with for iPhones if they weren't
ultimately able to stop people from
repairing these things through
serialization and all the other means uh
that they put in place to prevent people
from repairing their own iPhones and
from third parties it's it's somewhat
stunning to me how many people will do
this
stuff and not out their own companies I
guess it's interesting interesting I
don't know I mean people do do far worse
than this for a paycheck yeah like come
on but like be
realistic yeah think of the things
you've
done the horrible things hor things yeah
know I just I I think maybe it's my
bubble of like finding recruitment kind
of hard um but I feel like software
developers like if you're like hm I'm G
to defraud my own country basically it's
like yeah you could probably get another
job
um sorry you're saying that software
developers yeah have a
tendency
to always be the good guys in the story
no oh what do you how sorry sorry I
thought I thought you were saying like
someone would see the idea of defrauding
their own country and then
resign from the job rather than go do it
I'm saying in this particular case I
think if you work in that field you have
a high chance of finding another job I
can understand for
some positions some jobs it might be
like this is the only way I'm going to
get bread on the table I think a lot of
people just don't care
Luke I I think a lot I think a lot of
developers would just oh my God develop
a a button that like kills a random
person and deposits a million dollars
into the company's bank account as long
as they get a of it like I I don't know
man
yeah sorry I just wish that wasn't a
thing that's all I'm saying I I also I
also think that I mean okay okay but
like okay here's another thing look at
the AR okay look at the arguments around
Net Neutrality look at the arguments
around right to repair especially when
you start getting into the you know the
Apple ecosystem and the people who are
just kind of I don't know how to
describe it other than brainwashed I'm
really sorry um when we when we when we
made that video about the iMac Pro that
Apple wouldn't repair at our cost the
number of people that attacked us for it
when we basically said yeah it's pretty
obvious that just you know replacement
parts should be a thing at a reasonable
price it shouldn't cost as much for just
some pieces of a component as it costs
for the entire or some pieces of a
machine as it cost for the entire
machine including those pieces that
doesn't make any sense the number of
people that attacked us for it when
that's just math it's not political it's
just obvious um so no maybe in some
people's minds it makes perfect sense
that if you are the manufacturer of a
train you should be the only one who's
allowed to fix it because you know yeah
someone else might might bung it up or
whatever the case may be which is not an
entirely illegitimate concern I just
don't think that's what even happened
they were they were taking these trains
off the rails I know I just I just mean
as a preventive measure not even just to
not get other people to work on them
though they were doing them doing it ROM
get more service well you know you got
to make sure that they're running fine
and maybe that's the way it was sold
internally maybe they weren't even
honest internally with the developers
who developed this
system maybe they just told them hey we
have found that um the customers for
these trains are not performing service
at the recommended intervals we need to
make sure that the trains are uh are
shutting down at such time as the
regular interval should be done or
whatever and it wasn't coded that way
and here's the I'm just I'm just saying
there's a lot of room for gray area I'm
not saying they should do this it's
obviously terrible I'm just saying that
just because a developer codes this
feature doesn't mean that they agree and
even if they do agree or doesn't mean
they understand and even if they do
understand it doesn't mean they agree
and if even if they agree it doesn't
mean that they're not an
idiot that's all that's all I'm trying
to say
yeah but I
disagree it's bad it's definitely very
bad um all right man I have to get
signed back into the dock but people can
see my hands so I have to fake that I'm
pressing keys that I'm not pressing and
it's getting all I never talk about that
trick yeah I just kind
of yeah okay you got to do what you got
to do sometimes I type really funny
stuff I like that that's actually
hilarious oh sure I'm going to I'm going
to hide my hands you don't get to see my
hands I can see your hand you can no oh
you can see this bit you can't see the
this entire hand no okay have fun with
your like one letter you're going to see
me inut I'm going to enter one of the
letters we'll just hope that whatever
letter I enter is one that's like goes
there yeah was pretty did I get it I
mean it was in the alphabet nice but was
it in the numeric
uh take no chat his password has
characters in
it and it's definitely
definitely
English might not be English there we go
yeah most of mine
actually they mix it up sometimes not
English I like that yeah that's cool I
should use
that I'm I'm I'm Hazard I have one trick
for passwords that I that I love so much
but I I don't know if I want to say it
because one of the reasons why it's good
is because a lot of like Brute Force
password guessers never get it because
they don't incorporate it
M so I don't know if I want to like
popularize its use I think I want to
keep this one for myself see that's the
thing though that's a bad mentality and
you know that should I share it well but
then see then it's the constant like cat
and mouse game right like how do you
help people have better security without
also informing the other side and how's
the other
side but but no that that is that that
is cuz it's a it's a great trick it's I
would say that that is not an elt
attitude we are sharing is caring I am
not saying you
should I technically don't work for L
Media Group
anymore I'm still going to have to
change your 700,000 passwords when you
get hacked
now I never said people couldn't get me
just to be clear yeah this is not a
challenge I'm sure if someone wanted to
hacker my box or they could I can just
say
it chat mostly says don't do it but then
some of them were like give us the tech
tip because that's kind of you know
that's kind of what we do is give people
tips that are useful for a little while
until you know the Naro Wells go and
update their and then we have to
come up with a new tech tip and that's
how we all stay employed because there
always needs to be a new tech what if I
what if I arm people to potentially
figure it out themselves
okay I like that yeah that's a
compromise that's a good compromise a
lot of passwords can take characters
that don't normally get
typed especially that don't normally get
typed for
passwords consider
this my passwords are all going to be
emojis
now especially when you're when you're
thinking about brute forcing CU like
when it comes to guessing or social
engineering or someone just getting in
your password manager or anything like
that or or uh key logging it's not going
to matter what you do right like they
just have your password now yeah um but
if it comes to brute forcing there's a
lot that you can do to make your
passwords more Brute Force resilient
while still not making them really
annoying
to like visually enter or whatever else
to remember that's a big one for me is I
like my passwords to be something that I
can retain in my brain for long enough
to like it out into a keyboard or
character map as it were yeah
y confirmed Luke's password is Lenny
face thanks Navy ryar love it all right
anywh who
uh cling on I love you guys floatplane
chat okay what are we supposed to be
doing uh let's just do spawn sure thanks
Dan uh the show is brought to you today
by manscaped do you always feel that
your dates won't look you in the eyes
what is that what the on my face that
looked like you had a turd on your face
yeah what what let's go back what is
that is that is it supposed to be com my
nose oh I I can see it it's a it's
Chewbacca they're upside down little
chacas they're chewbaca that are upside
down coming out of your nose why are you
what why are you in the hospital
cafeteria like is she on shift right
now oh my goodness um huh huh huh what
is this for okay well anyway um our
sponsor manscaped is here to help you
with all the awkward situations with
their performance package 5.0 Ultra it
includes the weed whacker 2.0 to get rid
of the naughty wook sticking out from
your ears and nose and for down there
you can the lawn with the lawnmower 5.0
Ultra both of them have an ipx7
waterproof rating so they're made to be
used in the shower or rinsed off under
the faucet and their crop Soother
aftershave lotion is also included in
the package to reduce skin irritation
making your boys feel like they took a
trip to the spa now you look good but
you got to smell good too so finish it
up with their crop preserver
anti-chafing ball
deodorant this says hm that feels like
an incomplete uh talking point thank you
Dennis so so check out the performance
package 5.0 Ultra manscape.com wow and
use code wow for 20% off and free
shipping okay hold on before we move on
to the next one this is this is
what wow how am I supposed to read this
character Luke's
password uh okay the show is also
brought to you by
Squarespace Squarespace is an all-in-one
platform that makes it easy to get your
website up and running quickly whether
you're looking to build a website for
your business blog or portfolio they
have tons of easy to customize themes
and templates not to mention world class
designers create their templates and
they look absolutely stunning and
professional it's super easy to use just
drag and drop and with a couple of
clicks your site will be ready for
desktop and mobile Squarespace is more
than just a website maker though they
also have built-in SEO tools to help get
your website more traffic which is
crucial for e-commerce they have email
marketing templates they have a logo
maker they have all kinds of great tools
Squarespace simplifies the process
process of making a website and helps
you Market your business more easily I
wasn't looking at any of the things that
were going on on screen during this okay
cool wow and if you need help I'm
surprised I'm surprised Dennis doesn't
have his candle making side hustle on
here instead of pizza whatever this is
uh I does he still have the candle
making he probably thought that he
couldn't do that cuz it whatever
self-promotion oh that makes sense yeah
um you can do it hold on let's see does
this still exist
uh well it's not easy to find that's for
sure the one Dennis Lea I found on
LinkedIn is in California and works in
Investment Banking okay it doesn't
matter the point is uh Squarespace if
you need help they've got your back with
helpful guides and 247 support so go to
squarespace.com when and try Squarespace
for free for 14 days use code when to
get 10% off your first purchase finally
the show is brought to you by the ridge
are you struggling to pull this this big
thing out of your
pants struggling to get it in is more
like nobody wants to see that our
sponsor the ridge is here to reduce your
pocket clutter the ridge wallet is Slim
minimalist RFID blocking and made with
premium materials it can hold up to 12
cards plus room for cash with either a
money clip or an elastic band and you
can even add a coin tray that carries
coins keys and any other small items you
can also add an air tag cash strap so
you won't lose your wallet this year
that might be your New Year's resolution
they have various colors and styles to
choose from even 24 karat gold if you're
feeling extra
funy so bundle up and save 30% with
essential kits that include a wallet a
key case and a coin tray with over
880,000 f-star reviews and a 99-day
risk-free trial you must try the ridge
out for Wow viewers you can use code
when to get 10% off your purchase and
free shipping we're going to have a link
down below all right Dan you got a
couple merch messages for us why don't
you hit me sure sure let's grab some
here let's see um I hope you holidays
were great merch messaging to ask about
HDR uh YouTube on mobile your camera
footage looks great especially skin
tones but web pages look dark and gray
what's up with that that is a great
question that I'm sure Ed could
answer I'm sure it has something to do
with you know Peak brightness being
white and that also having some kind of
uh metadata for being extremely bright
or something yeah that shouldn't that
shouldn't even be it I'm not sure um it
probably has to do with that we have to
upload
um you know what it probably is actually
that because the way that the metadata
works on YouTube is more like hdr10
rather than hdr10 plus where it's per
frame so it's it's across the entire
piece of content so if you have anything
in the entire video That's supposed to
appear bright like a specular highlight
a candle or something like that then
that's your 100% brightness so anything
else is probably going to look dimmer
and more gray by comparison because we
wouldn't want to actually send a 100%
full white um every time we do a screen
capture uh I'd have to I'd have to
double check because we have people
internally whose jobs are to understand
that stuff better than me it's the kind
of thing that whenever I'm making a
video about it I'll like brush up on it
and go oh yeah yeah yeah that and
refigure it out but
um yeah that would be that would be my
guess I think that's something you'll
probably continue to see because one of
the complaints that we've gotten not
just on HDR content but SDR as well
about screen cap is that when we capture
white as white and people are you know a
night mode user or like are dark mode
user or they're watching at night it can
be very jarring when we go from the host
who's you know lit in a reasonable scene
to just like an all-white page um
so I that could also just be something
that we adapted for
that L Luke if you could design the
ultimate futuristic Tech Gadget that
hasn't been invented yet what features
would it have and how would you envision
it transforming daily
lives oh man I mean I I feel like with
the the the boundless human imagination
that exists out there there's no way I'm
going to come up with something that
someone else already didn't like uh the
idea of being able to conjure anything
by just you know rearranging atoms or
whatever so what are they called in Star
Trek not synthesizers the the food
things that they made yeah I don't
remember old gray hot yeah exactly yeah
yeah exactly right like the being able
to go anywhere instantly being able to
have anything instantly ironically I
suspect it would actually take a lot of
the um fun out of certain things yeah um
you know some part of part of the fun
replicators there you go part of the fun
of a trip um were apparently going to
Japan and as far as I can
tell 90% of the excitement about this
for Ivon is the preparation not the
actual like going there like if you
could just walk into a hollow deck and
be there immediately I actually think it
would I think it would reduce the
satisfaction for
her yeah for me it would be why you
laughing you don't think I'm an expert
on yvon
satisfaction
maybe not
um uh for me I think it would be things
that actually get me off devices more um
and I I think that could come in the
form of uh input even like you I I see a
lot of people I don't do
this I don't actually know why but I see
a lot of people dictate messages through
voice and I think that's kind of the
direction that I'm talking about um is
is like yeah I don't necessarily want to
sit here and type this whole thing and
while staring at the screen if I can
just press one button and talk into it I
don't want to talk to things I need a
neural interface yeah but that's what
I'm saying in that direction I'm not
saying that cuz we basically already
have that so yeah like things that can
get me off of the device maybe different
input methods whether it's neural or
whatever else um things that uh like
we've talked about this for a long time
being able to wear glasses that are
basically a Rolodex yeah I almost don't
want it to do anything other than be a
rol
yeah just like tell me who that person
is and why I'm supposed to know them why
I'm supposed to know them how many times
have I met this person especially if
it's more than zero um like yeah and and
it it I don't I don't even necessarily
want it to be creepy you can pull this
information from my contacts yeah you
know like don't don't search the
internet have it be local I'd be happy
to do a little recap for it like yep you
know hey this is important for next time
I see you know whoever right there's
there's ways to not be aw but it will be
awful yeah 100% oh yeah it's going to
end up being connected to some creepy
database yeah it's going to tell you
everything about and it's going to as it
learns from your usage it's going to
upload that to everyone else as well
it's going to be horrible but a non
horrible version I'm use it going to be
super useful yeah but yeah things things
that make it so that I actually spend
less time manually myself using the
devices and the more the devices stay in
my pocket or stay closed or whatever
else and doing things sounds great to me
gy 008 says make me Neville's remember
all from Happy from Happy Potter that's
a funny typo happy happy Potter I
can I'm imagining Adam Sandler as a
magic
golfer I thought he like makes okay that
movie was great but I thought he makes
like good movies now um oh man um any I
thought his most recent movie like went
really well
um I don't know what one it
was hustle I think I'm not sure Adam
Sandler makes whatever movie he feels
like as far as I can
tell all right hit me
Dan hey dlll currently listening after I
cleared out my fridge that just died got
any good Appliance failure stories for
the audience uh I mean other than
oh man uncut gems yeah there we go
that's what I was thinking that was a
long time ago was it keep up with movies
these days yeah that's fair um I every
Appliance I've experienced Dy dies very
unspectacular when fridges die it's
pretty bad especially if you don't
notice for a couple days oh but I mean
like the device itself just stopped
working like it
didn't oh yeah oh our oven had a bit of
a problem the other day uh we have a we
have a Bosch oven and fortunately it has
error codes that work so at least I know
what the problem is but we went to we
went to bake some banana bread we had
three loaves of banana bread at work
dude you're not going to know that Meme
but I love that Meme cool it's so good
all right anyway so we were going to
make some banana bread yes some of it
might have come to work
um and suddenly there's smoke all
throughout the house and the banana
bread is not definitely not going to be
good liked it uh this is well before the
timer was supposed to go out it's not
like we just didn't notice it and the
the door was locked we couldn't even get
it open oh so it turned out what had
happened was like a runaway temperature
event so the heat just kept going past
what it was set to past the thermal
safety limit for the oven which caused
it to lock itself down
and then it basically had to it it it
did manage to safety shut off so it was
I looked it up and it was one of two
things it was either your temperature
sensor has gone bad which it wasn't
because the thermal shutdown happened or
it was your relay wasn't working
properly for the like it sent like a
disconnect signal and the daugh board
that was supposed to handle the relay
right um it has worked people said okay
you can set it like this and then
assuming the temperature sensor is good
sometimes the relay just magically
starts working again so it's worked fine
since then but it was a little sketchy
like it smelled like burning like not
like burnt food like burning they came
out black they're supposed to be brown
you golden you in the parts where it
splits at the top cuz delicious banana
bread anyway I love banana bread work
dude banana bread at work dude hell yeah
yeah my mom
said okay that's that when you wait for
things dude good things happen to you
dude that's number
five what that's it's number five
autocomplete for banana bread
okay okay do you know this D so this is
just like a damn Daniel like random
viral clip yeah yeah yeah do you know
this one
Dan yeah it's a it checks out yeah yeah
okay right old that's good I'm old so it
being old is fine I I just I mostly just
quote Vines constantly in my entire life
yeah yeah Road
works I sure hope it
does see you just have to say one little
line got him Miss fine yeah yeah me too
all right uh well cool yeah sorry I
didn't I did not get the reference I
didn't think you would I did it for
them all right uh you got one more for
us Dan yeah sure let's see hey dlll I'm
a PC repair Tech and a veteran have you
oh I read that as veterinarian so did I
that's a weird combo yeah that that
makes and I the same thought I was like
huh I hope they're like one shop that'd
be
neat you got the one counter you just
put your computer on it you got the
other counter you put your dog on it so
my laptop and my dog don't put your dog
on the computer counter they're going to
put the USB diagnostic Drive in W trying
to turn the dog on and off again it's
like it's not working okay sorry any um
yes a PC repair Tech and a
veteran I assume so uh have you all done
any or planned to do any how to not get
scammed online videos that I can share
with my elderly customers oh we've
touched on this a little bit but it's
like it's so hard now it's really hard
because we can't cover everything it
changes nobody wants to watch it the
people like the people who are going to
get scammed I don't know how to say this
respectfully probably not watching the
it's not like the resources aren't out
there to find out some of it's getting
really rough some of it's getting really
actually very hard yeah I I got a I got
a Spam call that was really good like if
I was if I was even slightly less of a
competent adult human being I I could
have easily given valuable information
over the phone people are doing uh voice
spoofing of specifically I'm not going
to get into the the reasons why for this
but specifically mom's daughters oh yeah
and they're like screaming in distress
and stuff like that's oh my goodness the
one I got they um it came up as from my
bank MH so I did answer it because I'll
just ignore anything that's not from
anyone that I recognize these days um so
it came up as my bank and they basically
were like yeah there's been some
fraudulent activity don't worry we've
locked down the card we're going to get
everything reversed for you but we do
need to to check some things with you
and um then at some point you know
everything sounded fine I was like I was
talking to them I was like yeah sure I
mean yeah that sounds pretty bad no I
didn't use the card um and then as soon
as they asked what's
your uh can I just verify the credit
card and I was like well you should be
able to tell me which one and they're
like it's the one that starts with the
first four digits and I was like yeah
but every credit card issued by
your bank your financial institution
starts with those first four digits that
doesn't tell us anything uh you need to
tell me like the last two and they
basically were like no I I need the
whole number and I kind of go okay well
um the tip I would say for this is
always hang up and call them back okay
well hold on we're getting to that um so
I basically said well how am I supposed
to know that you are who you say you are
and they
said well I I mean I called you from the
bank and I go yeah but that can be
spoofed and they're
like uh and I say look I'm just going to
call you back
click uh because a lot of people don't
realize that the phone number that
someone's calling from can be spoofed so
they can just tell it hey I want this to
show up as 1 1800 whatever when I call
the person it's it's getting
freaking sophisticated and there were
things about the call that made me
uneasy like the extremely long delay on
the line but it wasn't until I looked
back that I went oh that's probably
because they were calling from very far
away they're probably overseas somewhere
yeah um and they they did
not unconvincing accent 3 seconds or
something
yeah always call back call back the
number on the back of the card except
nothing
else yep
yeah I do that for basically any
institution that calls me if it has
anything to do with payment or or
changing pretty much anything um if the
thing that we're
discussing could hurt me at all or if
they ask for any form of authentication
then I call them back yeah like I've had
back when why didn't you authenticate me
you called me yeah back when tus used to
be cool um they used to call me every
time that I had to renew my contract
and they would be like hey uh we're
going to give it to you like either
cheaper or you get the same price and
more features yeah and I'd be like sick
yeah do it up they' be like okay bye
like I'm not going to call them back for
that whatever yeah it's fine um but if
they're the worst case scenario is you
don't get the better features yeah but
they didn't ask for any authenticating
things they didn't ask for any payment
stuff they didn't ask for whatever they
just yeah it was fine so that was
fine
it just it was one of those things where
I was I was on I was having a
particularly like groggy day I hadn't
slept well because this was this week um
and uh ivonne's in recovery mode and not
sleeping well Sheck yeah no she um had
three of her wisdom teeth
out they were impacted and the ones on
the bottom were growing in sideways so
the bottom is already the worst and then
they were under the gum and growing this
way so she had to go under it was like
when was that
um beginning of this
week yeah she's been like replying to
emails because she I was going to say
things insane but like she's been
answering things I know I I talk to her
about it's quite a like
genuinely there's a lot of trauma you're
preaching to Theo your mouth yeah we
were she doing ice pack rotations in the
same conversation she goes yeah I'm was
feeling worse today
because I think I overdid it
yesterday and then she goes but I think
I should be able to push
tomorrow and I'm just like who do you
think you are luk
leier I just I have a
type yeah ridiculous anyway the point is
I hadn't slept my cuz yes ice pack
rotations and everything I I loaded up
on we had like four ice packs in the
house I was like we probably need double
that so I got a bunch more ice packs and
got all the different the drug cocktails
like felt like old people like I put
together like a medication schedule for
her and everything um what was she
eating kanji umji nice further purade
cream of broccoli soup um she's able to
do like uh she was really tired of that
after a couple days and on day three she
was able to do overcooked instant
noodles and she was like this is
heaven like soggy instant noodles I I
broke up the pack first yeah so they
were like little tiny pieces of soggy
instant noodles um and then the egg I
put in like extra egg cuz I think she
had zero protein since the whole thing
started so I like trickled it in and
like stirred it so it was basically just
like kind of Cloudy broth almost yeah um
but she's just like this is so much
better than what I've been eating it's
horrible but I can't remember the name
of them and I'm sure float plane chat
will again be able to point it out but
my I can't remember the the doctor name
for it but dentist guy that does
surgeries um orthodontist is that right
uh no I don't think so that they do like
um braces and stuff orthodontist yeah
yeah I don't know either way um he
suggested this like drink that you can
just get at like Savon or what whatever
else um oral surgeon yeah okay sure I
thought it was more complicated what's
an oral surgeon yeah what's the like
name behind it what's a uh what's a uh
was this what's a landmark
case what's the word this darn it
um no but yeah it's it's this drink um
Tooth Fairy so we we bought thanks float
plane chat got
you we bought like a a bunch of this one
type of drink cuz it was recommended by
the guy um is it pedite andure
yep yeah that's the one uh and we
figured out that it's like very common
for like you know old people that have
trouble chewing because of various
things might be going on um and it
tasted really good really so when I was
on all the drugs I was like this is
great yeah just I'll just have this this
is no problem oh is it just like full of
su and then when the drug started fading
I was like why does this taste so
good it's basically a
milkshake like actually does it bring
all the boys to the yard though probably
it brought me to the yard um nice
where's the can I get a nutrition label
um ensure nutritional info okay we're
going to your screen not yet yeah you
never know what might come up you search
for things on that
internet okay here we go does have a lot
of the vitamins where is its information
it's got a bunch of protein can I go to
your screen so that we're not just
imagining this it has nine grams of
protein but it also has 18% of your
daily sugar in 220
calories oh wow oh yeah okay so it's
it's sugar it's basically a
milkshake and they'll even flavor them
like milk chocolate vanilla strawberry
does so it's like but when you're having
milkshakes for every meal it's like whoa
okay how get you all right isn't corn
melto dextran just like corn syrup is
that in there is that the second
ingredient after water so it's water and
corn
syrup and then the next one is sugar the
next one is like milk effectively oh
it's a thickener sorry it's it's
thickened water and then sugar so yeah
nice yeah with with milk protein in
there as well so it's it's basically a
milk shake um yeah multi is the um the
like corn-based the the the one added
that they they do give you is it is
pumped with like vitamins and stuff but
still so are vitamins which you can just
buy yeah they're not even
expensive oh my goodness for how cheap
vitamins are it's actually kind of
amazing how unmotivated I am to just
take them yeah I just never I'm always
like yeah I'm going to like take
vitamins now and then I do it for a week
and then I just am distracted I I
thought it was was hilarious because I
um I was taking I'm still taking
athletic greens to kind of flush out my
diet cuz I eat a lot of the same thing
all the time so I'm sure I'm missing
some stuff speaking of which confirmed
Luke will be doing a float plane
exclusive with the 100% success meal
showing you guys how to make it I
haven't made it in years so I'm going to
have to practice wow so basically you're
saying once you're in a relationship you
don't have to try anymore yeah or can
try other things that don't need to have
that type of sucess much a less cuz
you're getting there
anyways I can I can hear Emma being
taken for granted from here what no um
what was I saying anyways Lucas single
in 32 one yeah no no no m is great yeah
um what was I going to say what was I
even thinking of you told totally and
generous
apparently I'm sorry Emma's Mom and Dad
um what they don't watch this dude well
they sure
do it doesn't sound like my
problem all right vitamins all right
vitamins yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah so um
I started taking athletic greens to
round it out yeah vitamins what is in
that
stuff what's in those anyways um and I I
confidently said I don't high
fiber I I confidently said that I was
getting sick less yeah and then like
very shortly after saying that I got
sick like twice in a row and one of them
lasted a really long time and I nasty I
don't know travel man travel gets you
yeah travel and Gatherings yeah both of
those two things are rough travel
llings yes especially both that's what I
was trying to say I
know oh my
goodness wi 789 says me if her parents
don't know you're doing it by
now that would be a little weird yeah
yeah know we've been abstinent for uh
what do you guys have seven eight years
eight eight years good gravy eight I
think good gravy I mean it must
be
I'm hiding behind the mic oh
God Dan save me what no it's not saving
me get out of here why's your face so
red um drug dealers adopt drones
according to a recent Vice Report law
enforcement around the world are noting
a market shift in using drones to move
drugs across International borders over
the the past few years driven in part by
consumer drones being becoming larger
and increasingly cheap in 2021 Spanish
narcotics police captured a drone with a
13 foot
wingspan whoa um capable of carrying 330
lbs of cargo while this was a mass
manufactured Droid or drone built in
China um built in China in
2022 Spanish authorities okay yeah found
three submersible drones that were
manufactured specifically to fery drugs
and capable of carrying 440 lb of cargo
wow drones are also being used to
deliver drugs and other Contraband into
otherwise difficult to reach areas
within countries such as prisons as
reported by officials in the US and
Canada yeah I read an article about this
a while back apparently it's really
difficult to stop them because it
wouldn't be a giant 13t wingspan one
that's just like yeah
coming up to a prison it would be little
Zippy ones going and you know they have
timeout in the yard or whatever else um
there's very little incentive I don't
think for the the people who work there
to be have 100% constant monitoring of
the all the skies in the area yeah like
it's it's a really difficult problem you
could drop it from pretty high too um
although oh last October the UK
government introduced no fly zones
around all of their prisons which of
course I mean if you just have a regul
going to stop it that'll keep out the
nar wells
yeah sure jeez that's a big drone 13 ft
and that would be able to go pretty high
probably probably but then would it be
better to keep it low from like a radar
standpoint I don't know no idea I mean
I'm not involved in Contraband smuggling
so I don't know enough about radar know
very little about this world isn't radar
specifically worse at picking up small
objects I don't I do not yeah but that's
why I was saying if it's big pretty big
it could probably get up high but it's
also have a lot of space in between the
arms I suspect stay low I suspect those
arms are thin yeah but if you have like
330 lb of anything I'd imagine that's
that's fair I mean considering that they
can pick up a little whirly bird or
whatever like that's probably got to
have some substantial to it yeah 330 lb
capable drone could smuggle The Prisoner
never mind the drugs
yeah man I'm I wonder if anyone's tried
I'm surprised we haven't seen a
jailbreak yeah just a drone with like
two bars on the bottom just like get
jacked in prison just it's arm day every
day and all you do is just like
hangs until you just like jump up grab
the thing and it freaking goes man it'd
be dangerous as heck but like compared
to staying in prison would I try it yeah
I think so wow would you do it if
someone arranged a drone to just show up
in the yard would you grab the bottom of
it and go I think it depends on like how
long you're sent
you're in there for 10 years let's say
10 years you will be you know 40
Whatever by the time you're out if I
have a chance of getting out of the
country and
thus not an insanely High chance of just
being put back in I don't think you have
to get out of the country no like if you
go legit and just like live a quiet life
I think you could probably go somewhere
like interior BC or like you know oil
fields Alberta or something just
like work UN in unofficial capacity you
could probably lay low you don't think
people are going to report like the guy
that wants to work but refuses to give
you a I think you'd be surprised how
many people are just like that
anyway regardless of their pasts I I was
another article I was reading recently
was about the sort of uncomfortable
truths that are being Unearthed by
services like 23 and me um and I just
want to make my position on them clear
you shouldn't use them they're super
super bad not just for you but also so
for anyone related to you uh anyway uh
but what was interesting about this was
there's this family that found out that
like Grandpa was a completely different
person from who they thought he was he
never played with Babe Ruth um he like
had a completely different family that
he just abandoned and this was just it
didn't match anything they knew about
him they knew him as like a loving
father and grandfather and didn't
realize that he had just walked away
from his responsibility in the US before
he moved up to Canada or something like
that I don't know allegedly
um that's unfortunate any who 10 years I
have heard of a crazy amount of people
finding out that like their parents like
someone cheated on somebody or something
cuz they're like
huh I don't have anything from this line
that's weird
um yeah and also just like family lies
in general yeah uh that that might come
from oh yeah we have Irish you know
Heritage or whatever like don't what are
you talking about no we don't in some
cases I've heard that those were very
well-intentioned
actually but it was eventually forgotten
that it was a lie if that makes sense
yeah that makes sense um because like
they did So to avoid persecution or yada
yada y um but then eventually the the
lie was kept so secret because it was so
important that it just was forgotten
eventually but top 10 drones that get
you out of prison that'd be a good video
man the the propellers on that thing
would be scary as like an April
Fool's video like how to break out of
prison am I am I going to have to buy
another cantaloupe smuggling drones oh
man so you smuggle in a swarm of tiny
drones yeah in people's
butts and they all work together to lift
you
oh
man oh jeez was that the first video you
worked on or something D no it was one
of the first requests I got for a video
um I don't think I'd been here very long
I was working in logistics and of course
it was like uh hey we need a cantaloupe
for this
video uh why why do you want a calope oh
it needs to be an analog for somebody's
butt we're going to put a phone in it
butt phone butt phone all right I should
have stayed at my last
job what they didn't have butt phones at
your last job no boring I signed up to
manage inventory not butt
phones inventory the butt phone yeah
technically we also had to do that we
have to find it first oh it's very
uncomfortable time to I find the phone
we knew exactly where it
was okay oh boy what even is this show
who knows oh wow a Griff Aviation 300
can carry 227 kg or 500 lb of weight it
only has a flight time of 31 minutes you
could get pretty far in 31 minutes but
you but that's yeah 15 kmet range sorry
Griff Avi Griff Aviation there's an eang
184 that can carry 220 lbs and go 30
kilom that's far enough away that you'd
be kind of hard to track
down I'm looking at there's a joav cw-80
that can carry 55 lb and it has a flight
time of 840 minutes or 100 to 200 kilm
which is
like wow okay what am I looking at how
big is it tell me how big it is 30 the
one I was looking at was a Griff
Aviation 300 not 30 this I hate websites
like this looks
yeah I would like it to take forever to
navigate your website why don't you make
a site like that the thing also doesn't
need to fully take over the screen it
only covered half the screen with
information how big is it how about a
single picture with any kind of a banana
or something six I need something for
scale how about a banana that's perfect
a this is useless forget it I give up
okay uh what else we got brands use AI
in influencers I mean this is pretty
funny oh here here here I got it you got
it
okay but that's a mountain funky looking
how Luke how is that supposed to help me
know how big it is okay here we go here
we oh wait Max size here we go it's 3.4
M
long wait oh 3,400 M wait what is even
that okay I don't know that looked sorry
I I thought it okay sorry what is it
so I'm I'm reading this off of a TV over
there I thought it was 3.4 M which would
kind of make sense but height is is that
600 what sorry
what 6 M would make more sense oh Kil
3.4 kilm size length that doesn't make
any sense it's probably it's probably
millimeters and there was a typo yeah
okay so 3.4 M then probably yeah they're
about that big okay that's very for
height yeah that's that's about how how
big they should be yeah so Mills is what
they were going for there yeah um there
is a space oh they all have spaces never
mind I think it's just a typo brands are
apparently increasing increasingly
buying paid posts from AI generated
influencers such as AI Tiana Lopez a
pink-haired model created by Spanish
agency the clueless they run wild
Instagram account for AI Tana with over
250,000 followers many of whom seem to
believe she is real despite the account
being labeled as AI she also has oh
man you know I find the term NPC to be
extremely disrespectful when used to
apply to people but I just can't
really yeah I can't really um you know
what In fairness powered by AI doesn't
necessarily mean anything that could
mean that you are sponsored by an AI
company or something like that
especially when it when you look at the
whatever that icon is I don't know
balloon or something Barcelona's digital
Muse atthe
clueless. you might think powered by AI
is like yeah just part of the like I'm
pushing the company thing
yeah all right so that's a thing that is
definitely a thing that exists I had
seen if you go to the top of her
pictures yeah I had seen that top right
one and didn't realize
it I saw it on an unrelated article and
I just scrolled right past it and no
part of my brain was like that's not a
real person according to the clueless AI
Tana typically earns around
3,000 a month but can earn up to 10,000
with each advert being worth over just
over a ,000 her sponsorships include big
a supplement company uh she also has a
fan view account where they post
pictures of her in lerie the UK's
advertising standards agency says there
are currently no rules requiring virtual
influencers to disclose that they are AI
generated and many do not do so a
primary attraction of virtual influencer
campaigns for companies is that they're
significantly cheaper per impression up
to 91% cheaper based on an Instagram
analytics report on a virtual influencer
post by H&M they also give the brand a
far greater deal of control and
eliminate the complexity and risk of
dealing with human beings that have
opinions and
reputations
I mean I mean we talked about this
before I think I said a number of years
ago if I was smart I'd be transitioning
to be a vtuber I think this was back
when we were on the set that was at the
opposite end of this building say that
for quite a while but like man for real
though yeah
geez yeah there's been a bunch of
accusations that I've seen that like a
lot of the followers are uh like paid
bot accounts and stuff but
I mean if they're getting paid it's
working yep so here's here's the
clueless AI so here's their I guess they
have an I click on anything CU Instagram
on desktop just well I'm not logged in
yeah but come on I don't know yeah they
they want you to log in I any that data
exactly
Sony got fined for sabotaging
controllers French Regulators have fined
Sony 13 and half million EUR for
allegedly damaging the reputation of
thirdparty controllers via a 2015 PS4
update that intentionally caused
unofficial controllers to frequently
disconnect further Regulators say that
Sony selectively refused to communicate
the wait no
way Elijah follows her and didn't know
no
way
actually I'm actually speechless I
thought she was real no joke yeah and if
you scroll up there's what I thought
this chick was real I follow
her
wow always full of surprises this guy
yeah life
man why do you follow Elijah don't don't
answer
that Elijah get out I play the
Fifth's what's going on she's hot she
says oh I gave you I gave you a warning
didn't even care there was no right
answer and yet you still managed to pick
the wrong
one yeah he probably hasn't seen war
games has he
no okay well I yeah anyway wow uh
further Regulators say that Sony
selectively refused to communicate the
access criteria for its official
licensing program to certain third party
manufacturers and used language that was
imprecise because it allowed them to
apply the criteria in a discretionary
manner
man I can can can Europe like do
something not
cool this is this is great this is great
you should have clearly laid out
guidelines they should be fair for
everyone and thirdparty products should
work just fine as long as they follow
the guidelines and you know properly
interface with the device and you
shouldn't go out of your way to break
them like this all just seems like such
obvious
stuff I wish it didn't take what is this
from
2015 yeah I wish it didn't take 8 years
to deal out sort of piddly fines it just
seems like there should be faster might
they might have had to figure it
out this is kind of a weird thing to
figure
out I guess so I just I I wish the
wheels of Justice moved a little faster
sometimes yeah obviously you don't want
to you know wrongfully y you know
whatever
but just see you know this train thing
is probably going to take years to
resolve when it just kind of seems
like don't do that you know stop um
would be would be good yeah uh someone
had an interesting
point
um that I that I want to kind of follow
up about I don't remember her name the
AI
person
uh I can't even find it in the dock but
that that AI created influencer chick
someone had an interesting point um at
least in the US I think you can't
copyright AI created
works so anyone can be her yeah and then
I guess what would they have to have
like a like a fan account you know
disclaimer on their thing like would you
even I don't I guess not yeah so like
you could just AI create images of her
doing things that are very bad for
Brands and then just post them I guess
you
could but then it seems very how would
you get any very attackable position oh
I guess yeah well okay yeah I see what
you mean so you wouldn't really be able
to be a huge AI influencer but you could
have a an army of AI micro influencers
pretty easily yeah that makes sense
because it's a very assailable
position anyways moving forward um
twitch bands pretending to be naked I
don't know how they're going to enforce
this because it seems like what they
were trying to do with that whole sort
of thing recently with the the artistic
nudity thing was they were trying to
make the rules s more more clear and
more open so that they wouldn't have to
deal with this constant sort of argument
about twitch's rules and the
interpretation and the uneven um
enforcement of them and now they've gone
and they've given thems a rule that
seems like it's going to be very
difficult
to enforce evenly uh twitch is updating
its content guidelines to ban implied
new
following a surge in nearly naked
streamers covering their various parts
in Black sensor bars and streamers using
strategically placed objects and careful
camera angles to give the impression
that they are nude according to twitch's
post about the update while some
streamers were correctly labeling their
content as containing sexual themes
which would prevent them from showing up
on the homepage others were not actually
talked to Ivon about this um a couple
times after that stream I had meant to
kind of come back with a bit of a more
nuanced take on the whole thing
because I think that during that W show
I basically was like well I mean
realistically this is kind of what
twitch is anyway at this point you might
as well get used to it it's been this
way a long time and you know
realistically those minors that you're
so concerned about are like six
keystrokes away from seeing this stuff
anyway but then I said on the show that
this was as a not a non-user of the
platform I don't really use the platform
and so I went out of my way over the
next couple of days to fire up twitch
first because I was just talking to Ivon
about what we were talking about on W
show and I was like oh yeah there's this
whole thing on Twitch and I brought up
twitch to show her to talk to her about
it and immediately there was like
breasts in my face and I didn't realize
how bad it was yeah if I just wanted to
use this sight to see what I'm
here trying to see even if even if I am
you know super open-minded about
you know pornography or whatever else
and even if I was a pornography
Enthusiast maybe that's not what I'm on
this site for right now and maybe I
would actually just like to watch
someone play video games or something
else anything else and so over the span
of the next couple days I was like okay
let's play a game called I'm going to
open the Twitch app having never clicked
on one of these streamers before in my
life although I was logged into the work
account so strictly speaking I don't
know if nobody's ever used it for that I
don't think many people have the work
Twitch account I don't think so I think
it's basically me yeah I don't think
it's many it's not just you but I it's
many oh Dan apparently and me and I see
probably AJ and probably
Aon well yeah but they would like Von
would never use it um and definitely not
for that as far as I know I mean I'm
saying it wouldn't be cool
but oh
no the point
is
I decided to play a little game called
I'm going to open the Twitch app and see
how long it takes how many Scrolls it
takes for there to be boobs in my face
and it was basically instantly every
single time yeah and and I I even was
like like look at how bad this was and
without even looking I scrolled it in
front of her I was like okay how many
boobs were there and there was like five
and to be clear he doesn't mean
like he means a a a a very noted focus
on that yeah yeah I don't mean that
there happened to be you know mamories I
mean like that was obviously the point
cuz this was at the height of the whole
uh you know cutting off the frame right
here and the implied nudity thing that
was going on right in the wake of the
artistic nudity uh rule change mhm
anyway um Elijah said the first time I
showed my wife twitch she thought it was
a cam
site technically
correct yeah so cleavage is still
allowed however underbob is explicitly
forbidden so to everyone watching on
Twitch Where's the Line Where's the Line
like on a guy I don't know yeah is it it
just female presenting nipple where's
the underbob that too I mean that's a
tumbller thing right this underbob do
you even have any I don't know do I have
nipples we'll never know look there
you'll never
know um oh boy all
right
yeah Elder Scrolls 2 Daggerfall revived
in unity so sick I want to play this I
want to play the Warcraft 2 campaign huh
someone redid Warcraft 2 and Warcraft 3
reforged oh yeah I want to play the
Warcraft 2 campaign apparently it's only
half of it now maybe if they get some
more maybe if they get some more support
for it sorry this is not the topic um
that sounds great though that's a really
good idea for a project in that game
here A Game Spot um Warcraft Chronicles
of the second War okay how much traction
does this have cuz hopefully it's a
lot lore craft designs yeah they got
166,000 views 18 hours ago Warcraft 2
tides of Darkness ah yes Ah that's
really cool so cool I can't wait to play
this they say look it's a little janky
we're going to have to patch some stuff
Warcraft 3 reforged is a dumpster fire
but um
man ah so it's remade and like you know
that looks sick theoretically more
modern but hey Warcraft 3 reforged was a
dumpster fire so you know it looks as
good as it's going to look but I can't
wait to play this I've never played the
Warcraft 2 campaign what yeah this is
like perfect Warcraft 2 is where it gets
playable Warcraft 1 trying to go back
and play it as a Warcraft like you can
only select like four units at a time
it's like it and the two would have been
I'm sure Warcraft 1 was fantastic when
it first came out the two factions are
completely equivalent almost I think
necros and clerics have slightly
different spells but you I don't know
unless you could do like 500 actions per
minute you're not microing that stuff
like it's impos the interface is
terrible um so so uh the maps have are
like very limited resources like even
playing against the AI as a teenager
like I would have difficulty breaking
one AI is hilarious because you just
have you you've played one but not two I
played one with you oh that's right yeah
why did we do that the first Warcraft
game I ever played was Warcraft 3 and I
loved it oh Warcraft 3 is amazing I
loved Warcraft 3 I love Frozen Throne I
put an insane amount of time into custom
games I kept somehow losing the like CD
keys so I probably bought like three or
four copies of that freaking game I
bought like three but every single one
of them was worth it to be completely
honest cuz I put a ton of time into
Warcraft 3 and specifically Warcraft 3
custom games I played an insane amount
of winter Mall Wars that's why I'm so
excited about that new mode that you
found for faf um survival survival mode
yeah I I think once we kind of get it
it's going to be really fun cuz it
reminds me a lot of some Old Tower
Defense games and stuff like that which
I always love I love Tower Defense games
very
fun
yeah oh hey uh if we're going to report
on whenever he's a complete
then I guess we should also report when
he is not a
complete um Logan Paul is apparently
finally offering refunds for that crypto
Zoo thing I don't trust it that's
fair like that anchor man meme where he
leans back and goes I don't believe you
or whatever it is yeah all right well
we'll see show me when it's
done okay and then I will I will happily
give prop that's fair that's fair
because I completely agree if we're
gonna you know we're going to throw
people under buses we should also give
them props when they do good stuff
absolutely but I just I just don't
believe it until it's done that's all oh
apparently there's a catch oh
no oh you agree to not Sue and stuff oh
no coffeezilla is apparently already on
this get him
coffee oh all
right yeah yep okay yep cool yep got a
sign an Indemnity thing to all right
well all right Behold The
Claw yesterday MSI teased an upcoming
gaming handheld and today images and
benchmarks leaked onto social media
indicating that the new device
apparently called The
Claw will use Intel's core Ultra 7
155h and eight Arc Alchemist XC cores
for graphics unlike the legion go and RG
Ally which use AMD according to
benchmarks posted on geekbench the
device will have 32 GB of RAM here is a
leaked image of the MSI claw courtesy of
at wxad whatever that is that looks like
an ally sure
does uh leaked geekbench
information okay I'm a little surprised
to see them use Intel but I also don't
have any familiarity really with the
core Ultra 755h and I don't really know
exactly what these Arc Alchemist XC
cores are going to perform like but if
it's anything shy of you know steam deck
I think they're going to have an uphill
battle ahead of them but I'm I'm excited
to check it out I'm I I love I love my
Ally I ended up sticking with the Ally I
love the screen on the steam deck OLED
but
um nothing I'm playing right now will
benefit from that screen as much as I
need the extra performance so right now
it's all about performance I'm playing a
platformer that I'm just realistically
not going to say cuz I don't feel like
it did I say platformer it's more of an
open world Fantasy game yeah um and I
just don't feel like having a
conversation about it but it definitely
requires performance and so I uh I'm
sticking with the Ally for the time
being that makes sense why not a PSP I'm
gonna I'm G to have some time this
weekend hope try Final Fantasy again but
I'm I don't think I'm getting that thing
yet oh we made him a new computer yeah
uh we have to make sure it works before
we give it to him so that's a whole
thing I thought it was I thought you
were just going to give it to me not
knowing to be completely honest I was
fine with that no that's content oh okay
yeah if it doesn't work then that's
content so that's good got it um but
yeah I still have I still have my
computer with the AMD card laying on top
of it um which I'm also fine with um but
it's very unstable in this one part of
Final Fantasy but uh I have some time
this Sunday so I'm going to check if
there's a new driver update and if there
is I'm going to give it another shot cuz
I want to keep progressing not one
person knows what game I'm talking about
good yeah that's fine I'm just I'm
amazed at all the terrible guesses why
would I got it immediately why wouldn't
I tell you guys if I was playing balers
gate three like
yeah greatest greatest game I what what
would you say the best game in the last
decade is because that's been the new
conversation is is balers Gate 3 the
best game in the last decade um you're
not going to like this but uh I I think
breath of the wild of the wild and I
think it's a strong argument it's an
absolute Masterpiece yeah um I think
it's a very strong argument there's
other people in chat even saying breath
of the wild wow
no it's not in the last 10 years come on
people also
that Legend Zelda Tok tars of the
Kingdom oh the TS of the kingdom was H
got to go if you're comparing the two
on their release I think you've got to
go breath of the wild yeah breath of the
wild was a moment in gaming man and this
was on a console that hadn't sold a ton
of units yet right like that's another
thing to consider is tears yeah tears of
the Kingdom released to an install base
ah that was an order of magnitude a lot
of people bought switches for breath of
the wild like 100% um and yeah that's
fair tears of the kingdom is breath of
the wild but better but greatness is not
the same as
goodness and breath of the wild was
great yeah um yeah breath of the wild if
you yeah for sure I haven't played Last
of Us Part One um got some people
talking about that genin impact I want
to play genin impact but I mean genin
impact from my understanding of it is
kind of yeah breath of the wild but gcha
and newer yeah um I gave it a good old
solid shot cuz a member of our team an
esteemed member of our team suggested it
quite highly and I tried it and it
wasn't really for me Titanfall 2 I can
see why people really like it though
Titanfall 2 had a great story really
enjoyed the gameplay but I don't think
there was anything that said greatness
to me like you have to have Innovation
too I feel and I think this might be a
negative reflection on where Shooters
are right now more than it is a praise
for Titanfall 2 I think if you narrow it
down to Shooters I think Titanfall 2 was
the best shooter in the last decade but
I like I just single player maybe but
single player definitely I mean you you
when you talk greatness though greatness
has a connotation of scale did you play
Titanfall 2 multiplayer no yeah but
scale small I'm sorry but if you want to
talk
greatness I honestly think you have to
have conversations about fortnite over
Titanfall 2o I'm sorry like fortnite has
done yeah sure for a different
generation than you that might you might
not be into but they have innovated in a
way that is changing the
industry For Better or For Worse did
they things like I I don't think anyone
has done an in-game event the way that
fortnite actually care I genuinely don't
know are you kidding me M&M's one
recently I didn't even know he had one
huge okay huge Mr Marshall mats still
brings the crowds I'm not surprised so
you know you
gota
you just have to kind of Minecraft isn't
the last 10 years yeah you could make
that argument if it was in the last 10
years yeah but no yeah Minecraft changed
gaming in a big
way yeah anyways that conversation is
literally cropping up around that game
which I think is fantastic oh hey uh we
have Mr Chu just posted flips and did
you see the video of the kid who finally
beat Tetris yes I was riveted I couldn't
look away from it I can't I can't
believe that that is human capability
like I I can't even fathom watching this
kid play oh it's crazy do you know about
the whole rolling thing and everything
yeah fantastic what fantastic what so
cool and and and how he he missed the
one break
point the tension lost the tension in
that Gap like
what yeah couldn't believe it very good
the fact that someone else was racing
against him at the same time and I think
either lost their run or paused or
something and then switched over to
watch him win and was like
congratulatory and very cool about it
was also just like a fantastic
reflection on that Community um yeah
very very cool very very cool yeah so
when we say beat Tetris for those of you
who are not familiar it doesn't end yeah
but eventually the game crashes it can
theoretically get to level 255 but then
it just Loops back to level zero Z or
one or whatever but it will crash before
it gets there I think is the issue I I
think it gets to a point where you I I
don't I don't know ful people saying it
runs out of memory runs out of memory
yeah some some problem happens or or the
amount of things that can cause it to
crash apparently some news anchor like
crapped on him that's stupid yeah yeah
what do you not have basally told them
to go outside and touch grass I mean
it's not a terrible idea but the kid
didn't look like super unhealthy or
sickly or anything he probably does
touch gr I would also so I actually
agree
would also throw it there that in my
opinion he just set himself up for a
career as a sucessful famous streamer
yeah and he streamed the whole thing if
I remember correctly he was on Twitch um
but was removed because of age
restriction reasons so I think he was
streaming on YouTube or something but
like tons of people know his name now he
could play other games this skill is
going to transfer to otheres imagine for
a second if he took that and was like
you know what I'm going to resurrect
Guitar Hero let's make Guitar Hero cool
again guarantee you he'd kill it he'd
kill it created a career for himself at
13 and you're gonna tell him to go
outside and touch grass come on yeah H H
like how much do you make as a mid-tier
news anchor or whatever like I think
this kid's going to do all right might
outscale you before he's like 15 like
maybe what were you doing at 15 maybe
hold your horses a little
bit I don't know just like y'all need to
look up clone hero right now okay I do
know about clone hero it's super cool um
this is the same way as people beat
Pac-Man yeah Riley and I had this debate
earlier to uh was that today that today
yesterday uh we had this debate
yesterday um I I think a community can
determine a beat point for a game if
there isn't a clearly distinguished
one
or okay well this one they did have a
beat point but it had only ever been
reached by an AI player it hadn't been
reached by a human one and that was the
crash apparently there's like a
percentage chance of crashing at stages
yeah here's where the confusing part
gets though because he had planned to
beat it at like level 154 or something
and ended up beating it at level 157 so
the argument is like could someone beat
it at a higher
level I mean watching do that I doubt it
but sure really care as personally Riley
didn't agree but personally I don't
really care as long as the community
decides on a point if that makes
sense yeah but you can decide and then
someone will break past it anyway
because that's how people are and then
what was the point of deciding it anyway
I don't know yeah I mean I just I know
there's enough speedrunning communities
and there's enough of these types of
communities where they kind of have to
come up with something right because it
doesn't make a lot of sense and I'm
personally okay with them doing that
because an organic game Crash an organic
kill screen I think that's valid no one
can the first to get that again and I've
heard that now the the competition
moving forward is going to be like
getting a higher score before you hit
that crash whether that's through
getting more like tetrises which is
where you clear four lines at once I
think um not really I was actually
decently into Tetris for a while there
but not anymore um or just yeah other
various ways of making try to try to
manipulate your score to be higher
before you hit that crash point and I
guess that could maybe be by getting to
a higher level
I don't know anyway incredibly cool
either way and that news anchor lady is
a jerk apparently like in the same
breath pretty much she congratulated a
16-year-old darts player cool cuz
that's so much more outside and athletic
than
Tetris Honestly
[Music]
though I mean come on please the finger
rolling thing is so sick it's so cool I
love that too that like they tend to
wear gloves I think because the the
fingers like slide better by by wearing
like like it looks like cotton gloves I
don't know so interesting absolutely
wild uh oh I think it's time for Wow
after
dark
okay Dan Processing Unit just
like do that oh okay
I was going to check and see if he's
streaming on Twitch but then I realized
he's 13 he's probably not allowed on
that
campsite a blue scooty SC
which is like actually a sick name I
actually it's it fits like you know he's
13 he's playing games what your name I
don't know I have a color I like a lot
and scooty sounds cool yeah blue scooty
let's go I like the name all right it's
got to be hard to come up with names
apparently he was banned from twitch for
being too young yeah I said fair enough
I mean he doesn't even have fully
developed breasts yet what would he do
on that site oh my
God yeah dude like trashing on this kid
his most recent video that the first
time anybody somebody has ever beat
Tetris two million
views come
on all right
uh Dan hit me sure after getting into
computers through your videos I'm
graduating this year and starting my
dream job in CPU design W that's super
cool do you have any optimistic messages
going into 2024 for my Doomer generation
I
don't um there's no hope it's one of
those things where I feel like I'm in a
really awkward position where I I am a
participant in you know the whole
Millennial you know
being crapped on thing that happened
like I I I did join the workforce at a
time that was not great the worst
basically sorry the worst B the worst a
little bit better than me pretty much
um I'm still terrible like I I I joined
the workforce right as the 2008
financial crisis was happening and you
joined right as it had happened yeah
both of which were really both terrible
terrible times um I I I I watched as
property values went up faster than I
could earn money to put a down payment
on something fortunately I was I was
lucky enough to find a teammate really
early in my life that put us both I I
can't stress enough finding the right
person to partner with for your life is
the most important decision you will
ever make Bar None because it has a
waterfall effect on absolutely everyone
else I was both Lucky and I'll give
myself a little bit of credit for being
a good job interviewer I guess but you
know Yvonne and I found each other and
put ourselves way ahead of our peers uh
just by by teaming up very early on um
which is what allowed us to get into the
housing market it's what allowed us to
fund lus media groupy good time well it
didn't feel like a good time totally the
value of that house had gone up double
in like four or five years or something
absolutely like it was but looking back
at it now it's great it's like
hilariously low yeah like but
psychologically at the time watching the
the trend line it was it was terrifying
because it seemed like it could burst in
any second so I understand and I I not
just sympathize with I have felt a lot
of what people feel but as someone who
got
out um and you know now run a successful
business or now hire someone to run a
successful business uh like I feel like
I I'm in this position where I can't
really talk about it anymore I don't
really know what to say because I don't
have Solutions I am doing
fine um but I get it so it's like yeah
it's crap um yeah I I'm pretty sure a
lot of people probably would have told
you you were nuts when you got that
place yeah but then yeah again looking
back at it now it's like it's a bargain
yeah but
like it's like less than an apartment
yeah like over half a million dollars on
just like like the place to live like
are you kidding me like our I forget
what our mortgage payments were but they
were a lot like if we weren't doubling
up our incomes there's there was no way
yeah impossible yeah well I mean maybe
her income not mine
[Music]
though but yeah it's I I don't know and
it's it's crazy to think that it was so
crazy back then and how bad it was back
then is like a joke compared to how bad
it is now yeah and we got lucky in a lot
of ways man like when we when we bought
the units that we occupy here that the
one not the one I'm sitting in but the
one that I would be sitting in if I was
on the other side of that wall uh they
cost us
$330,000 each
Canadian um let me just see if I can
ryar for sale Siri commercial let's see
if let's see if there's any for sale
here right
now uh oh
no well so yeah Elijah is saying like
out what what would that be uh
abbottford I would in like abbottsford
area
a uh where was it oh no I lost
it lots of people are talking yeah I
can't find any right now but they've
they've basically like quintupled or or
something like that I I I don't know 780
ft
apartment not close to here like
decently far out 400 Grand anyway my
point with these is that we got really
lucky with the ones that we got at the
in the first place but then experienced
a lot of the same frustration as we
wanted to expand yeah and found that the
prices were going up so fast that as we
needed more space it was becoming
unaffordable as fast as as we could make
more money for fortunately we have run a
very successful business and things have
gone well and we've managed to you know
find the space that we need but but you
can't be just like a solid business
anymore even no not enough very take
outside money which we we're lucky
enough to never have to do yeah like
it's it's brutal yeah South surria
detached house starts at
$1.5 million Canadian so you know
1.15 1.2 real dollars but
still it's I don't yeah we say okay so
here's here's another one of the
problems too though is in saying real
dollars I think that somewhat
diminishes the fact that people here
make less yeah so like that's that's
something I don't complicated because
people here have access to socialized
services that other people have to pay
for like when you actually break down
everything it sort of depends it's not
as black and white and regionally it's
very very different yeah and also in
certain career paths it's very common
for those jobs to cover that for you
depending depending it so it it's all it
is never if you think it's as black and
white as socialized healthc care bad or
you know this job good or whatever
benefits package downsides and upsides
to it is always Shades of Gray if you
think you know for sure you're wrong
it's that simple I'm sorry and I know
that for sure which means I'm
wrong only Sith deals in absolute yeah
exactly uh yeah Elijah is saying minimum
wage still 15 bucks yeah that's also
just like what what are you supposed to
do with that you're a Sith now what's
going on he's Obi-Wan canobi you know
you can C of pull it off with the
beard Clone Wars era Obi-Wan
it's not bad it's actually pretty
good anyway sorry I have no good news
and it looks like it's going to get
worse yeah it's only getting worse like
with interest rates being like they are
I I thought like housing prices would at
least go
down yep not happening like what the
what the as far as I can tell up
still so you're just going to have these
like gigantic corporate overlords that
own every place to live and then you'll
just basically
be at their Merc there's record levels
of Canadians leaving the country because
they can't afford to live here yeah
which is like and then then that that
microcosms down to uh there's also tons
of people leaving the province we're in
for other provinces inside of Canada so
this is like a multi-step Al has stopped
running ads to encourage Canadians to
move there cuz they're like oh is lot of
people
yeah please don't eat me before before
he would have even heard you say that
Elijah was like can we start a smaller
LTT in Alberta cuz everyone in Canada is
like oh boy got to go there it's the
only place I can afford to live yeah
well that's going to change oh man well
the maritimes was good until Co and then
apparently a bunch of people like moved
out of the city and started just work
from home there and like prices up drove
prices up like crazy
[Music]
y we
just ah yeah let's start our own City
Elijah we've talked about it stop we're
not cult c c cult you do great you could
do it you do Supreme Teran can run the
business you can run the
cult I'd make way more money than him
Cults seem to be very profit
we don't need money we have lus yeah
Company Store do the whole shebang yeah
yeah imagine all of the money that the
company makes never actually leaving
seen says we do in lonus town again
yeah you know yeah I live in Prince
George make decent money but will never
own due to rent and housing prices yep
yeah I think that's true
for most basically an entire generation
of people yeah which I don't know how
the heck you could do it like even okay
unless you have parent money or
something this is going to get me
canceled by someone but like speaking of
parent money even being in a position
where my kids could afford to stay in
the Lower Mainland because I can just
facilitate that yeah is that the life I
want for them yeah all their peers are
going to leave yeah none of their high
school friendships will remain or
they'll just be peers with people who
are also kids of people who can do that
and which is also Highly Questionable
yeah
like as a parent
of rich
kids I um still don't want my kids
hanging out with other Rich Kids
yeah um I I want my kids spending the
vast majority of their time
with downto Earth people who don't take
things for granted and stuff we've
actually been talking about doing a um
doing uh an experiment not an experiment
because it's not really an experiment
when you just do it but Ivon and I have
been talking about moving out of our
house for a
year um Furnishing and
accessorizing a place
based on two sort of medish incomes and
living like that for a year because I
feel like um are you doing vehicles too
well it have to be yeah yeah like I feel
like you can talk about it all day but I
don't think that my kids can possibly
fully understand that most
people don't have a sports car and a
theer and all this stuff that they for
them is just life for me is sweat Blood
and Tears yeah and for them is
just it appears it appears I mean and I
I'm guilty of it sometimes for Christmas
um you should you should come into my
building we can have pipe first days
together it would be
great for Christmas Santa got the family
a bamboo Labs 3D printer which is
as much for me as it is for them which
is how they end up with a lot of the
stuff they have but most people don't
have a $1,200 3D printing
setup I
uh yeah I don't know man I I I I feel
like I feel like there's a lot that they
could learn and I don't think I don't
think a month is
enough yeah I I I
think I paid so much for that pool that
I am loathed to give up a summer with
the pool but I think if we did an entire
school
year like there's already a lot of
things that we do pretty well like my
kids don't go to the cafeteria at school
they always take a lunch feel hit
without the summer without the summer
you think so because the summer is going
to be the most concentrated point in
time where they hang out at home
and do home things well remember there
at least in my experience when I was
growing up style changes we're going to
have to make regardless of home like
they are not going to be able to be in
as many programs as they are like they
just they they they do you know martial
arts and dance and and choir and band
and like like all some of it you know
run through the school or whatever but
some of it cost money and um they
they're going to have to make they're
going to have to make choices house swap
give them my apartment I don't
think I don't think he wants to be
living in his house for a year um funny
funny idea though um um yeah I don't I
would yeah cuz like I'm thinking back
when I grew up we did a lot of
things but one that was kind of I'm sure
if my brother and I like really
desperately wanted to my parents would
have tried to find a way cuz they were
like that um but ice hockey was kind
of not really in the cards cuz it was so
expensive ice hockey especially at a
competitive level was extremely
expensive cuz a lot of those teams were
like flying around and stuff to play
games yeah um and the gear is wicked
expensive and you're growing out of it
all the time so you'd have to buy new
gear all the time but something like
ball hockey for example like we were
going to do ball hockey pretty much no
matter what um you just needed sticks
and we never had the cool sticks we
never had the nice sticks yeah
um but like we could do it we we could
play football we played football all the
time my my parents had me in a lot of
programs is what I'm kind of trying to
argue to a certain degree I don't know
man don't sacrifice your children's
development this is a different kind of
development he's trying to get them more
I don't think that's you're taking this
the wrong
way I don't know man we um it's it's
it's something we've talked about I mean
I do think there's ways that concept you
can keep kids more grounded regardless
we have a lot of rules um we they they
lead pretty structured lives and stuff
like they don't just get to do whatever
they want yeah and so even though it's
it's a funny thing even though we have a
lot of different stuff that they're
allowed to do the really good stuff they
they have to sort of they have to pay
for it in doing you know practice this
or chore that or whatever else um like I
probably played more video games than my
kids do at uh at my son's age because
he's just like yeah it's there but he's
not allowed
so he's like a really good kid it's kind
of shocking I don't get
it but uh yeah I don't know I uh all in
all terrible idea why I don't really get
that I don't think taking away the extra
crcular is a good idea yeah I Hazard
that one a little bit too but I don't
understand why any of the rest of it
would be a bad
idea Elijah seems like a funny Rich
issue this is a joke we are spoiled so I
will buy another house to teach them how
to be humble I did think that was pretty
fun obviously wouldn't buy it just
throwing that out there like obviously
um you'd set up a lease holding company
which would own the house in trust so
that you can defer your taxes
sorry I
wouldn't um yeah see this is another one
jph 290 says I know this is not exactly
perfect but you can have the kids see
what poor is really like in another
country that that to me actually had
exactly the same problem as as that
other thing is like what we're going to
learn what it's like to be poor by being
rich enough to Jet Set around the world
and witness poor people in their natural
habitat like I that seems so much
worse but I I don't know I mean I I'll
tell you this Ivonne did a uh did like
an outreach program thing when she was a
kid and did you know like they built
something while they were there in the
community and for her that was extremely
impactful but then IV like me also grew
up in a house that had to budget every
month so was it that or was she just
already grounded and that you know was
the final hit on the nail and then it
was you know cemented as part of her
personality or whatever I I don't
know I don't know I've I've just I've
read some really interesting no guys
stop okay we got to stop this is
important we got to stop there's a
comment so in a housing crisis you're
going to collect yet another house in
your housing quiver no
no no
stop
stop i' make sure someone's living in
ours and no I wouldn't be buying it he's
not buying it he literally said he's not
buying it
okay stop oh man I love this I like
hamburgers you hate hot dogs then no I
didn't if I didn't say something then I
didn't say it can we can we agree on
that maybe um sorry what was I what was
I saying
before right yeah um something that I've
read about a fair bit is how the like
the the the number of
generations um oh that wealth last that
wealth last and it's like three and then
it's gone like every single time because
it it's there's all kinds of problems
with it but not not technically every
single time not it is very common but it
is extremely common um there are there
are particular families that have found
a way to make it go for like literal
ever um but that's part of that might
just be the incredible wealth of those
families because you can squander a
small fortune very easily but with a big
enough Fortune you can squander really
hard and it just is a perpetual motion
machine yeah I only learned recently
about why people um hate billionaire
philanthropy so much spec not the like
the image cleansing aspects of it but
the fact that I think it's in the US
they only have to SP put I think 5% of
the money into what they actually say
they're doing so if their Returns on the
money they put in are greater than 5%
they actually make money overall and
it's a tax and it's taxfree so you just
get yeah it's a whole it's a whole thing
I I just I just learned about this
recently I don't actually know much
about uh tax Havens and loopholes and
all that kind of stuff I pay my taxes um
oh boy but uh anyway the the whole thing
about about wealth not lasting multiple
Generations is because the attitude and
mindset that makes you start a business
and take risks and build it is not
passed down by living in opulence as a
child and so the kids might have
witnessed a little bit of it but the
grandkids are completely detached from
any of the hustle that ultimately led to
that success and they just blow it or
something
so
yeah why do you hate housing Linus I
know right yeah Balmer is about to make
a billion a year in dividends he could
squander a billion a year and still be
richer yeah exactly I don't think that's
the only one I think some families have
very strongly baked in preserve the
wealth stuff sure and there's but I
think that's very abnormal there's
communities and cultures that also have
very different attitudes about money um
than others
yeah
yeah tough man I uh anyway the point is
just I want my kids to be good people I
want them to be your kids are pretty
cool real people I want them to stay
that way I agree I just like it's um I
think that there's a lot of time I'm not
I didn't say that to dissuade you from
any further effort just there's a lot of
Developmental years left for things to
go really really wrong oh yeah and so
you're entering some of the worst ones
this is this is a super first world
problem and I 100% understand that but I
will do anything to keep my kids from
being douchebags yeah that's like the
worst as two people that grew up not
wealthy at all yeah uh more on the
poorter side I it's obnoxious I didn't
like the rich kids me too like at all me
too no offense yeah um but me
too like they just kind of sucked no
offense exceptions um absolutely like I
know Ivon talked about one of the people
she worked with that one of the pharmers
she worked at I'm not going to identify
anyone but they grew up like Jet Set
lifestyle and didn't want any money from
Mom and Dad not because they had a bad
relationship everything was great but
didn't want anything wanted to hustle
like like 100% grind set and just super
down to earth and I'm like yeah but like
you can't point at an exception like
that and go okay well then it'll
everything will be fine right like even
if the odds were 33% then two out of our
three kids are going to be
so we got to we got to figure this out
man yeah like I I've I've definitely met
some exceptions too but a lot of the
times it's just like excessive outof
touchness um so like even if there's no
intention there yeah it's like oh you
need a replacement part for that game
why don't you just re your a new one
yeah exactly I I've told you this a
story a billion times but uh there was a
person uh when I was in a certain class
at a certain school there was a person
who dropped they were holding their
laptop like this yeah and they dropped
it and it smacked into the ground and
they just laughed and my brain just
shattered cuz I couldn't understand at
all you'd protect that thing with your
life yeah yeah and if I dropped it which
like okay sure I used to render LTT
videos yeah holding my laptop open so it
would cool better walking between
classes like it was sketchy but if I
ever dropped it I would be like
broken um
not laughing about it like it's just
it's there's some there's some like
context aware things where your
automatic reaction in certain scenarios
if you've never had any exposure to like
life being difficult is going to
be not really okay to the people
potentially around you my kids don't
value money yeah at all that's not good
it means basically like I remember get
jobs I mean I mean yeah of course and
then what happens so okay but they
haven't needed one totally like what
would a kid get a job for well what did
what did you spend your money on I mean
I bought just like dumb stuff I bought
candy I like saved and I would buy
really early on bought Big Ticket things
um like I I would buy I bought a GPU
upgrade for our family computer the
biggest purchase I don't think I've ever
talked about this the biggest purchase I
think I made with like allowance money
like as a kid was I paid for the C
internet drop from the street I remember
you told me about this oh I have told
you about this okay um my parents agreed
they would pay the monthly bill if I
paid the
installation and that was it was
hundreds of dollars it was I didn't have
money but I had all my $5 a week
allowances and birthday money and all
that stuff and I was like I want always
on internet let's go um but like my kids
have always on internet they have a
switch they have a gaming P what what on
Earth would they buy yeah I don't know
like I have all the cool toys cuz I just
like most the games make videos about
setting up toys and I like they have
cool toys this is all the stuff that I
wanted when I was a kid right yeah so
then they just like already have it yeah
I don't know dude I don't know most most
of mine was saving up for computers or
computer parts or games or when I was
very young it was candy um yeah Elijah
my my son does value money to a degree
not like I did when I was his age though
like I wanted it you know whereas I
think to him kind like eh my brother and
I wanted money so bad we didn't really
have a traditional allowance but
sometimes my Mom would set up certain
chores that we could do for money that
were kind of like extra um and I
remember for the sness my brother and I
were on like uh you you mentioned this
term earlier we were on a grind set for
that SNES I think my mom was just like
making up chores at a certain point um
like going and like digging up rocks in
the backyard and like sorting them so
that it was less Rocky ground stuff like
that um but eventually we got enough
money to buy a SNES but my mom also
hooked it up there because this was a I
don't think Craigslist was like a thing
I don't know how she found it but she
found like some dude we bought a SNES
off in a parking lot um and I remember
like sitting in the car with my brother
while my mom goes out and does this deal
for a SNES in a parking lot recognizing
at that age like this is kind of
sketch but she got it to us cuz it was
way cheaper than Luke stoen Goods left
friend year right here baby yeah I don't
know um but it was yeah it was like it
was when the N64 was already out so it
was a last gen console um but I think
that was honestly I don't know if it was
cuz we weren't as wealthy or if that was
because that was less of a big deal back
then I don't know because I still
thought sness was like super cool when
N64 was around I thought it was just a
different style of games like N64 was
more attempting to do 3D stuff and SNES
was more like perfecting 2D stuff think
either of us had as much access to
advertising at the time though
ah that might be it yeah like I didn't
see a lot of ads cuz we didn't have
cable so yeah Fair yeah yeah I was kind
of the same way like yeah I was like oh
he just has this toy yeah like that
friend has that one and that friend has
that other one and I didn't really see
them as like better necessarily I got
really stoked when I figured out one of
my friends had an original Ness because
I was like whoa cool I haven't played
any of these games before like I didn't
really see it as like this one is newer
therefore better
yeah man this has definitely created
some
uh man this has definitely created some
debate in the chat I don't remember the
last time I saw chat this active people
are everywhere from like this is a great
conversation to you know this is the
most entitled horse that I've ever seen
in my life or whatever just let them be
kids they can learn that later they
can't learn that later though like
that's the thing it's so fortive later
kind of is now
yeah anyway uh was that one merch
message yes good
gravy how you doing Dan yeah I'm good
okay I want to hit me again
sure let me find the
thing uh hey D question for Luke I'm a
recent software Dev grad but I feel as
though I'm not skilled enough for
entry-level jobs in your experience are
graduates given some slack to learn on
the
job one impostor syndrome is a hell of a
thing in the software development
industry in dustry oh my uh industry
largely because a lot of people are you
know learning constantly or Googling
things or stack overflowing or gping uh
things constantly um and I think there's
some insecurity around that despite that
being a thing that everyone does um so
don't beat yourself up too much uh there
is absolutely or there should be
absolutely opportunities to learn and
grow on the job for a junior uh because
there should be opportunities to learn
and grow on the job for everyone in the
stack uh including seniors uh that being
said if you're being actively paid
you're going to be expected to produce
something of value um so it's not like
you're just going back into school but
this time School pays you um you
actually have to make things that bring
the company value um you're just going
to have as a junior you should have more
time and opportunity to work through
those problems uh than other people may
have and you should
hopefully have access to it depends on
where you end up working you might be
the only developer there um but you you
you may depending on where you go have
access to seniors that you can um you
know bounce questions off of but you
should try to solve it yourself first
you should take the opportunity to try
to do that and then if you get hard
stuck then you can bring it to them and
see how you can move forward um but but
yeah I think that would be my answer
don't shy away from applying uh places
are probably going to going to send you
tests and things like that and do the
tests and if you don't get call backs
after the tests don't worry about it
just move on to the next one and keep
going uh you need to get in somewhere
you need to start getting some
experience on your resume and you need
to start getting some experience just as
a developer as a person so just send it
um don't take it too personally don't
get too imposter syndrome me uh before
you end up getting a job um uh work on
your portfolio if you can keep training
keep moving forward we're all going to
make it
hello w. dll longtime viewer firsttime
Shopper lineus I've noticed their
increase on camera time have your
Littles expressed personal interest in
content creation how do you respond um
they love being in videos but I think
they specifically like being in videos
with me like I think they like doing
what I do they're kids right they um I I
I'm just grateful they still think I'm
cool as cool as I can be
uh they actually were in shooting a
video with me today that um I think is
going to be just a blast we build Luka
computer but with a
Twist I don't know how much I want to
say about let's not say too much let's
let the people experience it um it's a
really really fun video I'm very excited
for you guys to watch it and I am also
very excited to watch it yeah yeah it's
going to be great that's all I'll say so
um
as for just making videos on their own
no I don't think they have a ton of
interest in it and
I I'm not sure if I would even encourage
it really I want them to I want them the
more I think about it the more I want
them to find their own path um I'm not
as they get older I'm also not going to
shy away from showing them as much as I
have in the past like if they want to
participate I think that's pretty cool
we'll pay them for their work uh that's
something that I've talked about a lot
in the past is um content creators who
seem to think that their children are
their property and they can just exploit
their labor and just take all the money
never been a fan of that doesn't really
make a ton of sense to me but I also
think that
um but I'm also not going to go
completely the other way and just go
yeah my you know my kids should never be
on camera they
um I I doubt it's going to have a
significant impact on their later life
if they build a computer or two like we
have a very different kind of Channel
than some of the channels that do Bas
around your kids yeah do feature their
children a lot you know experiencing
Milestones or doing embarrassing things
or whatever else like my kids like
they're building a computer like what
who cares like it just um I I I doubt
there will be a ton of negative impact
on on their later life from being in a
video with dad on his YouTube channel at
some point when they were a kid it just
seems kind of far-fetched um and
they're yeah they're
they're they're having a lot of fun with
it and it's it's fun to do things with
them yeah it's been okay cuz like
blocking them
out completely I think would be weird
but having them on all the time would be
weird they show up every once in a bit I
think that's cool I think it's it's on
people to kind of find the balance that
works for them like um it also depends
how much they want like what's inside
you know talking to the dad um and and
actually and and Lincoln as well like
they for them that was a thing they did
together and they bonded over and like
it's super memorable and stuff right
like that's um like yeah did the family
you know does the child actually want to
do this too yeah that's huge cuz if so
then you know sure run with it but if
they just hate it all the time then like
what are you really doing yeah I'm not
going to force anything
yeah hello LT so I've got the LT steam
deck and it has sticky buttons so valve
RMA have you experienced sticky buttons
or heard of it um I haven't heard of it
specifically around the steam deck but
uh something that I did want to talk
about the reason I curated this one is
that even mature devices can still have
a lot of differences from one unit to
the next and one of the things that can
cause uh a plastic part to fail um can
be worn out molds and I was just I was
just wondering and I'm now I'm going to
wonder aloud exactly how many steam
decks valve has sold because I can tell
you right now it's probably enough that
valve has had to remake the plastic
molds for the steam deck possibly
multiple times which is a tens of
thousands of dollars process if they
want to do it on Shore uh with a with a
high degree of quality um to make like a
really long lasting
mold that was it as the molds wear out
you can run into tolerance issues
exactly like this so I do Wonder maybe
if you know they had a worn out mold and
it didn't get replaced in a timely
manner or you know whatever else I
wonder what the differences are between
the first steam deck and the last steam
deck theoretically you know they they
are the same but as it gets plastic
flowed through it more more and more and
more times they they do change a little
bit I don't know a ton about the exact
materials processes that are taking
place there but it's something that I
did have to learn about with the
screwdriver because we had to make a
decision actually it might not been the
screwdriver might have been something
else but at some point we were making a
decision between um different molding
materials and whether we wanted to go
with the more expensive one that would
last much longer or the cheaper one that
would last a shorter period of time and
it comes down to how many you think
you're going to sell because that
cheaper material is great as long as
you're only going to sell 10 or 20,000
of them but if you're going to do
hundreds of thousands then you want to
really invest in a super high quality
mold which costs a lot more because it's
made out of harder materials that are
not going to wear out as quickly that
was it I just thought that was cool I
wanted to talk about that from what I
can find the 3 million unit number that
people are throwing around for the steam
deck is a estimation I don't think valve
has announced it
yeah there was a research research firm
omia they reported that the steam deck
sold 1.62 million units in 2022 not sure
why they think they know that or not I
haven't looked into the report at all uh
and then their report estimated that the
steam deck would past 3 million units
sold um sometime during 2023 but that
that's a complete estimate and that's
not valve saying the 1.62 million that's
a resarch fir they it from it might be
very good information it not I suspect
it's a lot more than that at that price
I feel like it is too but that kind of
reach no idea there's just we just don't
know I the just the number of them I
see around like I that is your yeah like
what about like on the ferry or whatever
you see them on the fair yeah i' see I
see Steam decks in the wild man so it's
I don't know man I uh
I suspect there's a lot of steam decks
out there I'm always pretty surprised at
how many people have them I also think
it's kind of interesting that when I say
I don't have them how surprised people
are cuz they're like what I do like
that's very often the response that I
get um so yeah they're they're they're
they be out there um
yeah key pass and syn thing was the best
decision I made what do you think about
not being able to able Google prompts I
store tofa secrets in it because it's
the most secure thing I
have I hate
that not being able to disable Google
prompts like it asking you to store
passwords no no Google prompts that's
when you go to sign into something and
it's like I just sent a notification to
your phone just click okay or press a
number or whatever I'd like to be able
to choose um that's the only thing I
hate about it overall it seems
reasonably secure is as secure as
anything else I think it's actually
pretty good yeah yep
I I do agree though I would like to be
able to especially because it's yet
another or factor yes so
yep can you talk a little bit about what
is required to get one of the fair
phones to work on a Canadian Network I
want one but see that it doesn't come
with Canadian bands when uh when stock
um I didn't really have a ton of issues
using it I didn't set up anything
special I just used it
um it's possible that my particular
carrier uh uses bands that the fairphone
just supports or that my area has good
coverage of the particular bands that
the fairphone does support your mileage
may vary but it was that was not my
issue with it by the way I managed to
get I started carrying my iPhone in my
other pocket well I was I I've switched
off the fairphone now I'm back to the
note um I wanted to use the OnePlus open
but apparently Belle took it for CE he
says for CES so he can you know do more
planning like okay um anyway so I'll
wait I'll get it from him after CES but
um good job B yeah so I I started
carrying around an iPhone so that I the
so I could record the buggy behavior
from the fair phone man I've got
everything from the earpiece not working
on phone calls to the main speaker not
working when watching videos to the
brightness going like this like high low
high low high low high low in a dark
room like
just it's going to be a really
disappointing
review
that sucks yeah I'm bummed I wanted it
to go
well hey dll Hope yall are having a good
night which companies are you most
excited to see at
CES I'm really excited to go to high
sense apparently they made something
that just shs on the TV I just
bought like absolutely makes it look
like a a clown product for going to be
the new thing like incredibly bright SDR
it apparently can do
double the peak brightness
10,000 knits what's going on is there
was there like a new technology
Discovery or something he's he's
checking if he can say I think that's
what my guess what is a context for
10,000 nits oh thank God okay this is
not proprietary secret information
told oh
yeah oh you're wondering about what you
had said already oh yeah oh no
oh oh that's so much worse
um
10,000
knits you like blind so is that a
flashbang
40,000 local dimming zones W how big is
the TV 110 in so it's a little bit
smaller but more local dimming zones but
more so you could move a mouse pointer
around on this thing and get barely any
blooming as far as I can tell
wow absolutely flipping assum you could
get it inth America without having a
Chinese pH number all they claim 95% of
BT
2020 what are you 2020 yeah that's what
I'm talking about man this thing sounds
wild and then right next to them on the
show floor TCL is supposed to be there
with a North American version of the
thing I just got oh yeah
so wow I guess I didn't need to import
it I mean it's a cooler story that you
did that yeah and like yours is special
now we it was it was worth it for the
content to deal with importing it before
it was available in North America like I
I I'm really glad we did it and it's for
the gram yep
yep anyway I'm really looking forward to
that I also want to see all the weird AI
stuff so exciting hello lonus as someone
who loves folding phones do you think
Apple will eventually make one if they
do do you think it will help make
folding phones go mainstream I don't
know Apple seems almost
resistant to doing anything cool with
their phones
lately what what have they done it's
felt very safe like put like more holes
in it like I just don't really um or
less yeah or less I don't know man like
it's uh it almost seems like they're
stuck in a rut where they recognize that
what people love about the iPhone is
that in 6 years 7 years having not paid
attention to Tech at all people can go
to the store say my iPhone is slow can I
have a new one and it works exactly the
same way that their old one
did like that's great from from a like
that that's great from a customer
consistency customer experience
standpoint but it's not exciting it's
just boring uh so
boring happy New Year dlll Luke I'm
thinking of getting a budgie or two and
was wondering if you had any tips or
resources for me I had a cocka teals
growing up but uh so I have some
experience with owning Birds Emma my my
girlfriend is more knowledgeable about
birds and and the care of birds that I
am I like to think I'm no slouch in that
regard but she's she's much better
studied
um look up cuz I don't want to say it
and be wrong look up uh the things that
you shouldn't have or be doing near your
birds or probably in your home at all
some of that is like cooking with Teflon
some cleaners are also included in that
um they are like mostly made out of air
um and if Airborne
things get into them uh like I mean we
were happy that our budgie gained weight
and became 30 G um so they can they can
be completely taken out and no longer be
alived very very very fast um so you
need to make sure that there aren't bad
contaminants that you're not like
cooking stuff that can overwhelm them uh
that you there's no people are saying no
smoking in the house they're not kidding
um no smoking in the house um that that
can be really bad for them um they're
very very fragile beings as Birds they
hide when they're sick um they don't
want to look like easy targets to pre so
they hide when they're sick there's some
ways that you can kind of tell look it
up this is something you're going to
need to know because again they can die
very fast they're not super resilient so
you need to get them to a vet very
quickly if something does go wrong
um
also be very active with their
environment when you first get them
they're can be very shy uh they might
hide in their little box for a long time
stuff like that but they're very social
animals they're going to want to hang
out with you but you need to constantly
poke them out of their not actually not
actually physically poke them luk bird
tips but you need shake the cave
if they're sick just shake the cage but
like change up their environment give
them give them something that they're
not comfortable with yet um last night I
just put a random recently cleaned so
that I knew it would be safe uh but a
random sock near their cage just one
that they hadn't seen before so that
they would be like what's that is it
safe is stimulation yeah keep them
active keep them stimulated they're
they're smart and they're very social so
keep those things rolling spend actual
time with them um and change their
environment and stuff so that they have
to learn new things get used to
different things um accept different
things as safe they'll also accept
things as safe faster and more easily
when they're needing to do it all the
time um and that includes you so if
you're having a hard time socializing
with them if you're having a hard time
like getting them to land on you stuff
like that um get them used to getting
used to things yeah anyways I'll stop
there hey D I've recently tried to stop
shopping on Amazon but I'm at a loss on
on where to find all of the things they
used to shop for how do you find
storefronts for highquality Reliable
products well LTG
store.com let's go getting all the
brownie points tonight oh man
um I I just I Google um I look for
places that seem pretty credible there's
easy ways to make mistakes like that
like I almost bought uh badminton shoes
from a site that was just fraud
once yeah um so you know look for
independent I do reverse thumbnail
search by the way that's one of the
things that I do okay um I try to figure
out if the exact product pictures they
have are from elsewhere sure but if it's
from the manufacturer site that's fine
by the way a lot of smaller sites will
not take their own do their own product
photography they'll just borrow from the
manufacturer but yeah um one of the
other things you can do is I don't know
reseller ratings used to be a thing um I
I haven't I buy I buy a lot of stuff
first party these days like when I
bought the bamboo printer I just went to
Bamboo's website like I just I don't
more places offer that now yeah so it's
more possible thing now y um I I
remember being frustrated actually quite
recently cuz I wanted to buy something
and the manufacturer didn't just sell it
and I was like Amazon only stores are
very annoying no it wasn't an Amazon
only store it was just there was just
something I wanted to buy and I was on
the manufacturer website I was just like
I just want one of these why don't you
just sell it to me um like what's your
problem
but it makes sense like setting up
e-commerce is not easy right yeah a lot
overhead there a lot of legal issues and
stuff too um before I forget uh you
mentioned you're excited to see all the
weird AI things at CES you should like
keep a tally of how many of them you can
like break oh no that sounds like too
much work you're an AI fridge
no you're helping me buy a car or like
learn how to make Napal yeah yeah yeah
yeah I like that that's often what you
reference from the book cuz it's my
favorite part too my um my sister-in-law
has a smart fridge which I only found
out when we visited over the holiday and
she actually uses it oh like to play
music in her kitchen and I was just kind
of yeah it has a screen on the front you
can like load up YouTube music videos I
love the ones her kids her kids love
like watching music videos in the
kitchen I just sorry I just music videos
in the kitchen it was one of those
product categories that first saw at CES
12 years ago or whatever and I was like
well this is stupid this will never be a
thing that matters and like in my house
where I realistically could have bought
a smart fridge if I really wanted to
with a screen on it I so so your kids
could watch music 1,000% decided not to
do that because it seemed like now
you'll have to watch music videos on all
the other screens in the house yeah I
um I'm sorry I've gotten complet
completely distracted because apparently
Alex Jones made a video
game yeah when was
this for your fridge no but this was a
this was a bit ago I think was it if I'm
thinking of the right
thing um no this is this is from like
two days
ago two days
ago
oh
boy uh all well good luck with that
everybody wow the website is alexjones
game.com all
right oh
boy uh okay wow should should do you see
the like um wow it's all reviews right
now are overwhelmingly positive
POS
[Music]
um yeah okay so there's videos of a ton
of different people playing it so I
think I've seen like thumbnails for
people playing this game which is why I
knew about
that um I wonder if uh they have asmon's
permission to be in their
trailer well they must have sent him the
game yeah I guess interesting that uh
seem like an unlikely
collaboration there's also I mean
there's other streamers in here too it's
not just
asmin all right okay uh sure let's move
on uh how long until we can get VR
headsets that are able to be true
monitor
Replacements I think it's a bit Apple
Vision Pro that I it is I don't know the
the people who have tried it say it's
amazing
I haven't tried it yet if it's as
amazing as they say maybe it's super
amazing otherwise I would say we're
probably a bit off we just had kind of a
big leap and I would say maybe it's the
next leap or the one after that where
you can like really comfortably replace
the high DPI monitor that's right on
your desk but one of the issues I have
with it is yeah the Comfort side of
things I don't think I would want to do
that for 8 hours in a day
um I wear headphones for 8 hours a day
what if it was just as comfy not on if
it's just as comfy sure but it's not
headphones aren't on your face yeah but
it becomes just as comfy but I mean that
might be the break even point
right it basically needs to be just as
comfy it needs to be thaty wearing
headphones and like I wouldn't even want
to wear these all day I hate these yeah
these suck so like it's not even like
headphones in general haven't just
solved this like some some of them are
good some of them are going to be better
than other ones I I feel like I could
wear my my sennheisers that I have at
home forever and it would never be a
problem um but these are are not these
are not okay um I have a headache right
now yeah like I'm not sure if it's the
Alex Jones game or these headphones I
think I'll put that on my list I'll get
new headphones through here um okay
another one for you uh hey dll I'm a
teacher in Texas and this year our
standardized tests uh the written
responses both the short and the long
form will be graded by a custom trained
a
how do y'all feel about AI as a grader
uh that sounds really
dumb Tex I don't know if I need to
elaborate on that more let me get this
straight we're concerned about the
students taking shortcuts by using
AI but we're actually going to
enshrine the teacher's right to take
shortcuts by using AI in the in the
worst way the grading
portion
really come
on is it going to hallucinate somebody's
essay anyway okay you hand in an essay
on like pony
boy or whatever is it Pony no
gold stay golden pony boy yeah I don't
think the book is is the book called no
no no no no but you hand in a an essay
on pony boy it's a good song um I think
it's by Sophie I don't remember yeah
Outsiders yeah yeah yeah you handed an
essay on pony boy from The Outsiders uh
and it's like your essay on war in
peace all right has these various I just
hallucinated a different essay for you
I'm going to grade that one if you don't
mind I did perfect and like it's not
going to show its work
so how is like if if a teacher has to
vet it all anyways aren't they just
going to have to read the whole
essay
at which point why don't they just grade
it yeah exactly it's a book
what all right AI graded him
uh Hey Linus did you hear about City of
Heroes developer officially lining the
biggest fan server I didn't but that
sounds super cool yeah I created this I
did not hear about this either that
sounds awesome that sounds super sick so
what is what is officially licensing a
fan server mean I don't know City of
Heroes has been dead for a long time
okay um I'm assuming what this means is
they legitimized this fan server because
Sony's not doing anything with this Dead
game anymore um so maybe you have to own
a copy of the game similar to how Forge
Alliance forever does it uh which is
great fantastic solution in my opinion
um I don't know I know none of the
details I've never heard of this but
them
it it it sounds good super cool um in
other like kind of cool sounding news
for a change um this I also didn't know
but this is a merch message from Tony C
uh thoughts on Rockstar buying modding
platform cfx and NC soft giving official
plastic oh wait oh no this is the NC
soft thing uh okay hold on Rockstar
buying cfx okay no I don't have thoughts
on that no I hadn't heard about either
of these things sorry I've been buried
under a rock this week apparently but
the NC soft one is super cool sorry I
thought I misread this so the license
that Sony gave the City of Heroes fan
server the fan server I saw the name for
a second I think it's called homecoming
yeah fan supported homecoming server for
for City of Heroes receives official
license from publisher and seesoft
surprising players the license allows
the admin team to continue
development my God that's amazing that
is ex and this is Sony who's done this
uh it says it's I think it's it said
Sony in what I don't know in what you
said but this says NC soft okay that's
kind of
amazing yeah NC soft's decision to
embrace the FN
server not sure what that means um shows
a shift in sentiment giving hope for
future Community content in the gaming
industry this is awesome what should
happen this is amazing if it's one thing
if a game dies out because the developer
can't maintain it anymore or whatever
else and uh no one cares fine then just
let it die I guess but if the community
wants it to keep going if they're sure
small but dedicated enough they should
be allowed to yeah I I don't know if uh
someone else misspoke or if I misspoke
or or what uh but yeah Sony has
definitely nothing to do with this well
that makes more sense now you say Sony
that makes so much more sense now okay y
sorry verbal typo it's getting late uh
my bad all right
lastt being very cool D I'm playing
games with my kids is my favorite thing
to do and they're getting better they're
finally starting to walk straight lonus
what are your favorite games to play
with your kids oh
um man anything anything they like um
you play faf with little man now yeah
yeah um the uh Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles beat him up was pretty fun to
play with them cool uh I was one of L's
kids that day uh Ultimate Chicken horse
um they they really like that just the
the trolling
and fun party game uh one of my
favorites is TA Ling's house party it's
a VR game super Niche but it's a lot of
fun and the kids just love the silliness
of it you can't play it all the time no
no it's like fantastic when you pull it
out not very often it's a hit every time
it comes out y you want to kind of limit
it
though and I think that's pretty much it
for the show hey thanks guys for tuning
in we'll see you again next week same
bad time same bad Channel
[Music]
bye we may want to consider I know I'm
still but we may want to consider H
weeks where there is
absolutely nothing to talk about
changing up per and just having
it honestly a lot
yeah weird sh weird shower